<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="ctr_cloud" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/> on <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/kubernetes"/></title>
<shortdesc>You can build <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> as a
containerized application by using <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_lib_long"/>, <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/ibm_mqlts_long"/> (<keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/ibm_mqlts_short"/>), and <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/docker"/>. You can then deploy the containerized
application by using <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/helm"/> charts and
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/kubernetes_service"/>. The <xref
href="https://merative.github.io/spm-kubernetes" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref "
><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> on <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/kubernetes"/> Runbook</xref> provides instructions
about how to containerize <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> and is
accompanied by an open source <xref href="https://github.com/Merative/spm-kubernetes" format="html"
scope="external">git repository</xref> that contains sample <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/helm"/> charts, <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/docker"/> files, and other assets.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>As human services organizations adapt to meet citizens needs, the complexity of their IT systems
can grow. This can be challenging, especially when trying to manage the addition of new features for
case workers, enacting new changes in legislation, or preparing for increases in demand for
Universal Access application renewals.</p>
<p>To support cloud native architectures, <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname">≈</keyword> has been enhanced to support the
technologies that are described in the following list from version 7.0.10.0. </p>
<section id="section_kdh_m4p_vkb">
<title>
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_lib_long"/></title>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname">≈</keyword> supports <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_lib_long"/> only when it is containerized and
deployed on <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/kubernetes_service"/>.</p>
<p>The architecture of <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_lib_long"/>
provides a low-overhead <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_java"/>
runtime environment that is suited for hosting cloud applications. <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_lib_long"/> has been designed to optimize ease
of development and the minimization of operational costs. From a development perspective, it
supports many programming frameworks such as <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/sprint"/> and <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/tapestry"/>, and provides easy integration with
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/docker"/>, <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/chef"/>, <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/jenkins"/>, <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/nodejs"/>, <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/os_j2ee_abbrev"/> (<keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_java"/> EE), and <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/os_lin_short"/>.</p>
</section>
<section id="section_els_v4p_vkb">
<title><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/kubernetes_service"/></title>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> supports <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/kubernetes_service"/> only when containerized with
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_lib_long"/> . </p>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/kubernetes_service"/> is a managed
container service that is built on the open source <keyword translate="no" id="kubernetes"
>Kubernetes </keyword> system for automating the deployment, scaling, and management of
containerized applications, while adding in IBM-specific capabilities. <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/kubernetes_service"/> provides scheduling capabilities,
self-healing, horizontal scaling, service discovery and load balancing, automated rollouts and
rollbacks, and secret and configuration management. The <keyword translate="no">Kubernetes
</keyword> service also has advanced capabilities that are related to simplified cluster management,
container security and isolation policies, the ability to design your own cluster, and integrated
operational tools for consistency in deployment.</p>
<p/>
</section>
<section id="section_llw_dpp_vkb">
<title><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/docker"/>
</title>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> supports <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/docker"/> for packaging <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> for deployment on <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/kubernetes_service"/>.</p>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/docker"/> is an open platform that enables
organizations to package, develop, run, and ship applications in environments called containers. A
container is a unit of software that includes the dependencies, libraries, and configuration files
that are needed to run the application in a docker container image.</p>
<p>Developers can now package an <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/>
application in containers for deployment on <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/kubernetes_service"/>, and include all the
dependencies, libraries, and configuration files that are needed to run the application in a
container image. The newly created container images can be downloaded from the container registry
and installed in all stages of your environment, therefore simplifying deployments. </p>
</section>
<section>
<title><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/helm"/></title>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/helm"/> is a package manager that helps you
to find, share, and use software that is built for <keyword translate="no">Kubernetes </keyword>.
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/helm"/> streamlines the installation and
management of <keyword translate="no">Kubernetes </keyword> applications. </p>
<p><keyword translate="no">Kubernetes </keyword> can become complex, and developers need to consider
services, ConfigMaps, pods, and persistent volumes, in addition to managing the number of releases.
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/helm"/> provides an easier way to package
everything into one application and to advertize what can be configured.</p>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> supports Helm for deploying
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> containers on <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/kubernetes_service"/>.</p>
</section>
<section id="section_i2d_wqp_vkb">
<title><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/ibm_mqlts_long"/></title>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/ibm_mqlts_short"/> offers proven,
enterprise-grade messaging capabilities that safely move information between applications.</p>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> requires <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/ibm_mqlts_long"/> when containerized and deployed on
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/kubernetes_service"/> . </p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Technology updates</title>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_lib_long"/> , <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/kubernetes_service"/>, <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/docker"/>, Helm, and <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/ibm_mqlts_long"/> updates occur throughout the year.
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> will be updated frequently to
adopt newer versions of the previous technologies. For more information about the exact supported
versions, see the <xref
href="https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/ibm-c%C3%BAram-social-program-management-supported-prerequisites"
format="html" scope="external">system prerequisites report</xref>.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Up next...</title>
<p>In the subsequent topics in this section, you can read more about the architectural differences
in <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_lib_long"/> that impact <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/>, and about how to deploy to <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_lib_long"/> in a native, single-server
environment.</p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000000681?>
