<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="c_case_management" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Integrated Case Management</title>
<shortdesc>Integrated case management facilitates the triage and acceptance
of participants into programs. It also facilitates the ongoing maintenance
of both participant's eligibility for the program, and the supporting
evidence for each application.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata></metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p> Integrated case management consists of a number of core social industry components.</p>
<section id="section_yxq_lkm_wfb">
<title>Intake</title>
<p>Intake refers to the collection of data about one or more individuals and their circumstances to
achieve a particular goal. It consists of multiple phases of data collection, such as triage, or
screening.</p>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> Intake has two main aims:<ul
id="ul_kdh_pkm_wfb">
<li>To enable workers in an organization to comprehensively and easily complete the intake
process.</li>
<li>To facilitate agencies in providing a collaborative, <term>No Wrong Door</term> approach to the
intake process for clients in need of benefits or services</li>
</ul>This approach reduces the number of contacts a client must make to access benefits or services
across multiple agencies.</p>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/> Intake supports the
following intake processes:<ul id="ul_ldh_pkm_wfb">
<li>Triage</li>
<li>Screening</li>
<li>Application</li>
<li>Referrals</li>
</ul></p>
</section>
<section id="section_tv4_pkm_wfb" otherprops="onprem">
<title>Eligibility and Entitlement</title>
<p>Eligibility and entitlement management is a complex process that includes evidence capture,
entitlement calculation, and change in circumstance processing, including over and underpayment
management.</p>
<p>Eligibility and Entitlement support consists of the following default features:</p>
<ul id="ul_pjk_5km_wfb">
<li>Business user tools for rapid implementation of legislation and policy</li>
<li>One time evidence capture and reuse</li>
<li>Cross-program eligibility </li>
<li>Assistance unit determination</li>
<li>Default under and overpayment calculations</li>
<li>Auto-generation of overpayment cases</li>
<li>Nominee management</li>
<li>Creation of financial schedules</li>
</ul>
<p>Food Assistance is an example of a program where a client can check to see if they are eligible
to receive a benefit. Household, Resources, Income, and Expenses are the four categories of evidence
that are collected from clients. The evidence supports the Eligibility and Entitlement process,
which checks for eligibility across the programs.</p>
</section>
<section id="section_uhr_pkm_wfb" otherprops="onprem">
<title>Evidence management</title>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/> evidence is data that is
collected in respect of a participant or case. Evidence management supports the evidence lifecycle
(Design, Collection, Verification, Activation, Correction, Sharing), while reusing evidence over
multiple programs. Evidence management is a key part of the overall Eligibility and Entitlement
process. Eligibility is continually reassessed due to changes in circumstance, rules, or rates that
occur over time.</p>
<p>Evidence management provides the following features:</p>
<ul id="ul_mzz_wkm_wfb">
<li>Business user tools for rapid translation of legislation and policy to evidence structure and
verification requirements.</li>
<li>Prebuilt evidence correction security, history, and audits.</li>
<li>Prebuilt workflows monitor verification validity and initiate reverification process.</li>
<li>Prebuilt evidence management tools for improved case worker productivity.</li>
<li>Consistent user experience across evidence lifecycle such as intake, verification, activation,
correction, and sharing across programs.</li>
<li>Evidence visualization focuses user attention on pending tasks such as verification,
activation.</li>
<li>Workspace and workflows for managing shared evidence to incorporate program-specific
reviews.</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="section_hd5_pkm_wfb">
<title>Participant management</title>
<p>The business of a social enterprise organization involves many participant individuals and
bodies. Participant types play a role in the delivery or receipt of benefits and services.</p>
<p>A set of information is stored for each participant type. This set includes common information
that is stored for all participant types and extra information that is stored only for some
participant types. For example, address information is stored for all participant types whereas
deduction information is only stored for persons. </p>
<p>Each participant's information is stored in a central location. This approach allows the
participant's information to be easily accessed and maintained by users. Participant information can
also be reused as necessary throughout the application.</p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000000749?>
