<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="c_enterprise_modules" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> Application Modules</title>
<shortdesc><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/> application
modules provide the foundation of repeatable common business processes, regardless of program.
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/> application modules meet the
requirements of a single program or multiple programs in a configurable and reusable
package.</shortdesc><?Pub Caret -1?>
<prolog><metadata></metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p otherprops="onprem">The following <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/> application modules provide extra
capabilities to handle the complex processes that are associated with specific programs. These
application modules reduce the time and risk that is associated with developing the complex
processes of those programs, and provide simplified maintenance update capabilities:<ul>
<li><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/IS_component_long"/></li>
<li><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/ISMA_component_long"/></li>
<li><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/CCW_component_long"/></li>
</ul></p>
<p otherprops="saas">The <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/CCW_component_long"/>
application module provides extra capabilities to handle the complex processes that are associated
with specific programs. It reduces the time and risk that is associated with developing the complex
processes of the programs, and provide simplified maintenance update capabilities.</p>
<section id="section_dxy_4hm_wfb" otherprops="onprem">
<title>Appeals</title>
<p><keyword
conref="../common_files/guide_short_descs.dita#shortdescriptionsforguides/APPEALS_component_shortdesc"
/></p>
</section>
<section id="section_mlm_xhm_wfb" otherprops="onprem">
<title>Business Intelligence and Analytics</title>
<p><keyword
conref="../common_files/guide_short_descs.dita#shortdescriptionsforguides/BI_component_shortdesc"
/></p>
</section>
<section id="section_cmv_xhm_wfb" otherprops="onprem">
<title>Evidence Broker</title>
<p><keyword
conref="../common_files/guide_short_descs.dita#shortdescriptionsforguides/BROKER_component_shortdesc"
/></p>
</section>
<section id="section_ipy_xhm_wfb">
<title>Outcome Management</title>
<p><keyword
conref="../common_files/guide_short_descs.dita#shortdescriptionsforguides/OM_component_shortdesc"
/></p>
</section>
<section id="section_sq4_yhm_wfb">
<title>Provider Management</title>
<p><keyword
conref="../common_files/guide_short_descs.dita#shortdescriptionsforguides/CPM_component_shortdesc"
/></p>
</section>
<section id="section_f1r_yhm_wfb">
<title>Social Enterprise Collaboration</title>
<p><keyword
conref="../common_files/guide_short_descs.dita#shortdescriptionsforguides/SEC_component_shortdesc"
/></p>
</section>
<section id="section_qvs_yhm_wfb" otherprops="onprem">
<title>Universal Access</title>
<p><keyword
conref="../common_files/guide_short_descs.dita#shortdescriptionsforguides/UA_component_shortdesc"
/></p>
</section>
<section id="section_cgw_yhm_wfb" otherprops="onprem">
<title>Verification Engine</title>
<p><keyword
conref="../common_files/guide_short_descs.dita#shortdescriptionsforguides/VER_component_shortdesc"
/></p>
</section>
<section id="section_pby_yhm_wfb" otherprops="onprem">
<title>Income Support </title>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/IS_component_long"/> provides complete
eligibility determination and benefit calculation for social programs that provide food, cash and
medical assistance to families in need. <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/IS_component_short"/> is a commercial integrated
service delivery solution that equips organizations with a powerful, proven set of business tools
and processes designed specifically for the effective management of income support programs.</p>
</section>
<section id="section_zcq_v3m_wfb" otherprops="onprem">
<title>Income Support for Medical Assistance</title>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/ISMA_component_long"/> enables social
program organizations to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of managing eligibility and
entitlement services for medical assistance. <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/ISMA_component_short"/>equips organizations with a
powerful set of business tools and processes designed specifically for the effective management of
traditional medical assistance, Affordable Care Act (ACA), and Modified Adjusted Gross Income
(MAGI)-based Medicaid and Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) programs.</p>
</section>
<section id="section_ett_v3m_wfb">
<title>Child Welfare</title>
<p><keyword
conref="../common_files/guide_short_descs.dita#shortdescriptionsforguides/CCW_component_shortdesc"
/></p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000000693?>
