<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="Find_by_search" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Finding information by searching</title>
<shortdesc>When you enter search terms into the search field, IBM Documentation returns a list of
pages that contain all the terms you used. Each search result shows which product and version that
page is from. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>As you type, IBM Documentation offers suggestions for completing the search string. You can
select a suggestion or keep typing to further refine your search. </p>
<p>You can use the following operators to refine your searches. <dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Quotations </dt>
<dd>Use quotation marks to search for an exact word or set of words, for example,
<userinput>"database management system"</userinput>. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Wildcards</dt>
<dd>Use an asterisk (*) in a search string as a placeholder for any missing words or wildcard words
in a phrase. Place the phrase in quotation marks for a more precise result, for example
<userinput>"DB2 * table"</userinput>. </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>OR</dt>
<dd>Use OR (capitalized) between the terms to search for pages that have two or more terms.  Without
OR, only pages that have all the terms in the string are returned in the search results.  </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Minus sign</dt>
<dd>Use a minus sign (-) before a word to exclude results that include that word. For example, to
search for business management without the word process, use <userinput>business -process
management</userinput> as a search string.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>INTITLE</dt>
<dd>Use <userinput>INTITLE:term</userinput> to search for the term in the page title only. </dd>
</dlentry>
</dl></p>
<p>Each search displays a maximum of 500 results in ranked order. To see more than the first 20
search results, click <uicontrol>Next 20 results </uicontrol> to show 40 results. Click again to see
60 results in a single list, and so on. </p>
<p>You can save search strings by clicking <uicontrol>Save Search</uicontrol>. You need to sign on
with your ibm.com user ID to save searches. You can save a maximum of 10 searches at one time. </p>
<section>
<title>Narrowing search results by selecting products</title>
<p>If a general search provides too many results, reduce the scope of the search to one or more
products. Begin typing a product name in the search field. The search type-ahead function suggests
products that match what you are typing. Select a product from that list to add a product filter to
the search scope. You can also click <uicontrol>Add Products...</uicontrol> under the search field
to add more than one product. Click <uicontrol>Done</uicontrol> to apply your search scope. Only
results from the version, product, or products that you selected are returned. The product that you
selected is shown on the search bar. </p>
<p>IBM Documentation tracks products as you browse content and follow links. This function is called
auto-select. To turn off auto-select so that product filters are not added as you browse, clear the
Auto-select check box. Auto-select does not add a product if you come to a topic through search;
however, if you click a topic in the navigation tree after a search, the context is set to the
collection that contains that topic. </p>
<p>To broaden the scope of your search, click <uicontrol>Add products,</uicontrol> select another
version or product, and click <uicontrol>Done</uicontrol>. Click <uicontrol>Clear all</uicontrol> to
remove all the selected products from the search scope. </p>
<p>The product filters remain active until you select another option. </p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Other search tools</title>
<p>To find information more quickly, limit your search results by defining filtering options under
Search Results. Only the search results that match your filter selections are returned. In addition
to using products, you can filter your search results in the following ways: <dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Date range</dt>
<dd>Limit your search results to only the topics that were added or changed in the last week, month,
or year, or you can define your own range of dates.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Tasks</dt>
<dd>Limit your search results to specific task types, such as installing, migrating, or
troubleshooting. Only documents that are defined as that task type are included in search results.
Results might be incomplete, if some documents were not assigned task types.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Operating systems</dt>
<dd>Limit your search results to documents that are relevant for the selected operating system and
version.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
