<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<concept id="c_social_program_management_platform" xml:lang="en-us">
<title><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/platform"/></title>
<shortdesc><keyword
conref="../common_files/guide_short_descs.dita#shortdescriptionsforguides/PLATFORM_component_shortdesc"
/>
</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata></metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<section id="section_tfn_mjm_wfb">
<title>Social Programs Data Model</title>
<p>The data model delivers a holistic view of clients and their household. It supports the
incremental addition of multiple programs and cases with no client duplication at the data model
level. As a result, the data model provides a structure for agencies to capture household-specific
data once. From then on, that data is used to support the eligibility and enrollment process over
multiple program types. </p>
</section>
<section id="section_ynw_mjm_wfb">
<title>Platform components</title>
<p>The following platform components are built into the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/platform"/>.</p>
<dl>
<dlentry>
<dt>Intelligent Evidence Gathering</dt>
<dd>Automates the evidence gathering process by supporting self-service operations and providing
scripted interview tools that reduce data entry and errors.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Decision Assist</dt>
<dd>Enables the dynamic creation and maintenance of assessments with limited involvement from the IT
team.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Financial Management</dt>
<dd>Provides an integrated approach for efficiently managing calculation, scheduling, distribution,
and disbursement of payments and liabilities to case participants.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry otherprops="onprem">
<dt>Funded Program Management</dt>
<dd>Delivers flexible options for creating and managing funds, including the ability to control
spending in program delivery and client service.</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Supervisor Workspace</dt>
<dd>Allows managers to monitor and manage the task and case load of users. Supervisor Workspace
provides an entry point from which they can view summary details of the cases and tasks that they
manage.</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept><?Pub Caret -3?>
<?Pub *0000000583?>
