<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_bmj_xsk_sz" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Tablet support</title>
<shortdesc>The <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> application has
been certified for use on a tablet.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>For the optimum user experience on a tablet, the following prerequisites are recommended:</p>
<p>
<ul id="ul_xlb_jth_rz">
<li>Use a supported web browser. For more information, see the <cite>Web Browsers</cite> section
under the <cite>Supported Software</cite> tab in the <cite>Software Product Compatibility
Reports</cite> related link.</li>
<li>The minimum recommended resolution is 1366x768. The optimum DPI setting is
<uicontrol>Normal</uicontrol> size.</li>
<li>Use a tablet device with dimensions of approximately 8 inches (21 centimeters) and above. The
minimum recommended view-port size is 1024x768.</li>
<li>Use the device in a landscape orientation to maximize screen width.</li>
<li>For users with low vision, accessibility is certified against VoiceOver on the iOS platform that
uses an external keyboard.</li>
<li>Use an external keyboard for intensive data entry tasks.</li>
<li>Use a reliable network connection, for example, wifi. The application’s performance is limited
by the quality of the network connection. Degradation in the network connection reduces application
performance.</li>
</ul>
</p>
<section>
<title>Microsoft Word integration</title>
<p>Android and iOS do not support integration technologies.</p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
