<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="d1e503" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>WebLogic Server configuration</title>
<shortdesc>To configure the WebLogic Server, you must set up a data source, a domain, a server, and
configure the JMS and security settings. You can do all of these tasks by executing the
<cmdname>configure</cmdname> target that is provided by the Cúram SDEJ.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The command <cmdname>build configure</cmdname> must be executed from the
<filepath>&lt;SERVER_DIR></filepath> directory to invoke automatic configuration. This target
requires that the files <filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> and
<filepath>Bootstrap.properties</filepath> exist in the
<filepath>&lt;SERVER_DIR>/project/properties</filepath>.<note>You can overwrite this default
location for the properties file by specifying <tt>-Dprop.file.location</tt> when executing the
<cmdname>configure</cmdname> target.</note>directory. For more information about how to set up a
<filepath>Bootstrap.properties</filepath>, see the <xref
href="../ServerDeveloper/ctr_CuramServerDeveloperGuide.dita" scope="peer"/>. <xref
href="c_WEBLOGS_Configuration2WeblogicServerConfiguration1.dita"/> details the required contents of
the <filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> file.</p>
<fig><title>AppServer properties sample</title>
<pre>## APPLICATION SERVER PROPERTIES

## IT IS VERY IMPORTANT TO USE '/' FOR DIRECTORY PATHS. ##

# Property to indicate WebLogic Server is installed.
as.vendor=BEA

# The username and password for admin server.
# The password must be encrypted.
security.username=&lt;e.g. weblogic>
security.password=&lt;e.g. encrypted password>

# The name of the WebLogic Server Domain Name.
node.name=MYNODE

# The name of the server on which the application will be hosted.
curam.server.name=CuramServer
curam.server.port=7001

####################################################
## THE FOLLOWING PROPERTIES ARE FOR WEBLOGIC ONLY ##
####################################################

# Property to set JVM initial and maximum heap size
# when starting and stopping WebLogic Server.
curam.server.jvm.heap.size=1024</pre><?Pub Caret 94?>
</fig>
<note type="note"> <ol>
<li>The security.username used here in the <filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> file
should not be the same as any user that will exist as an application
user. <p>With the implementation of strong password enforcement in
WebLogic Server 11g Release 1, the Weblogic application server password
must be at least eight alphanumeric characters in length with at least
one number or a special character.</p></li>
<li>The <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target cannot be run while H2
database is in use. For more information on H2 database consult the <cite>Cúram
Third-Party Tools Installation Guide for Windows</cite>.</li>
<li>The <filepath>CuramMBean.jar</filepath> is copied from the <filepath>&lt;SDEJ>/lib</filepath> directory
to the <filepath>&lt;WebLogic Server Install directory>/wlserver/server/lib/mbeantypes</filepath> directory
by the configure target. The location of the <filepath>CuramMBean.jar</filepath> can
be changed by manually copying to any location supported by the WebLogic
Server. However, depending on the location, an extra parameter may
be needed when executing the <cmdname>startserver</cmdname> command.
For more details, please refer to <xref
href="c_WEBLOGS_Configuration2StartWeblogicServer1.dita"></xref> .</li>
<li>You have the option of setting <varname>curam.principal.name</varname> in the
<filepath>AppServer.proerties</filepath> file. This defaults to Curam but if changed will update the
principle-name in <filepath>weblogic.xml</filepath> and <filepath>weblogic-ejb-jar.xml</filepath>
files.<table frame="all" id="table_khj_wsx_2q">
<title/>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.0*"/>
<colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
<colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Element</entry>
<entry>Required Optional</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>&lt;principal-name></entry>
<entry> Required if &lt;externally-defined> is not defined. </entry>
<entry>Specifies the name of a principal that is defined in the security realm. You can use multiple
&lt;principal-name> elements to map principals to a role. For more information on security
realms</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</li>
</ol></note>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000003722?>
