<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="d1e764" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Testing Deployment</title>
<conbody>
<p>When the application is installed on a configured WebLogic Server
installation the application should be started and tested.</p>
<note>The installation of a web services application may also be required.</note>
<p>To do this, ensure the relevant server is started (there is no
need to restart the server after an application is deployed), and
open the following page in a web browser:</p><?Pub Caret 124?>
<pre>https://&lt;some.machine.com>:&lt;port>/&lt;context-root></pre>
<p>where,</p>
<p><varname>&lt;some.machine.com></varname> identifies the the host
name or IP address where your WebLogic Server system is running, <varname>&lt;port></varname> identifies
the SSL port of the server the application is deployed on and <varname>&lt;context-root></varname> identifies
the Context Root of the WAR module (see <xref
href="c_WEBLOGS_Building1MultipleEarFiles1.dita"></xref>, for details).
The SSL port is one number up from the curam.server.port specified
in the <filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> file.</p>
<p>Before the page can be opened, the browser will be directed to
the login page. Log-in with a valid application username and password
and the browser will be redirected to the requested page.</p>
<note type="note">The usage of EAR file name <filepath>Curam.ear</filepath> for
option<option>-Dear.file</option> and usage of application server
name <tt>Curam</tt> for option<option>-Dapplication.name</option> in
the examples of this chapter are for illustrative purposes. Based
on your customized application and deployment strategy these values
may change.</note>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001908?>
