<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="d1e1" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Database Configuration</title>
<taskbody>
<context> <p>Open the Administration Console as detailed in the previous
section.</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Navigate to <menucascade><uicontrol>&lt;DomainName></uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Services</uicontrol><uicontrol>JDBC</uicontrol><uicontrol>Data
Sources</uicontrol></menucascade>;</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click the <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> button;</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Enter the following fields:</cmd><info><p><uicontrol>Name:</uicontrol> <q>curamdb</q></p> <p><uicontrol>JNDI
Name:</uicontrol> <q>jdbc/curamdb</q></p> <p>Change the <uicontrol>Database
Type</uicontrol> to be <q>Oracle</q></p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> button</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Set the <uicontrol>Database Driver</uicontrol> to be <q>Oracles
Driver (Thin XA) for Instance connections; Versions:9.0.1,9.2.0,10,11</q>;</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> button</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Leave the default for <uicontrol>Transaction Options</uicontrol> and
click the <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> button.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Set the following fields:</cmd><info><p><uicontrol>Database
Name</uicontrol> : This setting depends on how you want to connect
to the Oracle database; i.e., either using the Oracle service name
or Oracle SID name.</p> <p>Set this value to the value of curam.db.oracle.servicename
in <filepath>&lt;SERVER_DIR>/project/properties/Bootstrap.properties</filepath> to
connect to database using the Oracle service name, e.g..</p> <p>If
you want to connect to an Oracle database using the SID name, then
set this value to the value of curam.db.name in <filepath>&lt;SERVER_DIR>/project/properties/Bootstrap.properties</filepath> e.g. <q>yourhost</q>.</p> <p><uicontrol>Hostname</uicontrol> :
Set this value to the value of curam.db.servername in <filepath>&lt;SERVER_DIR>/project/properties/Bootstrap.properties</filepath>,
e.g. <q>gonzo.&lt;host_name></q>.</p> <p><uicontrol>Port</uicontrol> :
Set this value to the value of curam.db.serverport in <filepath>&lt;SERVER_DIR>/project/properties/Bootstrap.properties</filepath>,
e.g. <q>1521</q>.</p> <p><uicontrol>Database Username</uicontrol>:
Set this value to the value of curam.db.username in <filepath>&lt;SERVER_DIR>/project/properties/Bootstrap.properties</filepath>,
e.g. <q>curam</q>.</p> <p><uicontrol>Password</uicontrol>: Set this
value to the value of curam.db.password in <filepath>&lt;SERVER_DIR>/project/properties/Bootstrap.properties</filepath>.
Note that password in the <filepath>Bootstrap.properties</filepath> property
file is encrypted, and you need to set the unencrypted, plain-text
version of this password here.</p> <p><uicontrol>Confirm Password</uicontrol> :
confirm the entered password.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> button</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Here if you are connecting using Oracle service name, then
change the <uicontrol>URL</uicontrol> value as shown below before
testing the configuration:</cmd><info><p><filepath>jdbc:oracle:thin:/@//serverName:port/databaseServiceName</filepath></p> <p>Where <varname>serverName</varname> is
the name of the server hosting the database.</p> <p>Where <varname>port</varname> is
the port number the database is listening on.</p> <p>Where <varname>databaseServiceName</varname> is
the service name of the database.</p> <p>Leave all other fields untouched
unless a specific change is required.</p> <p>Click the <uicontrol>Test
Configuration</uicontrol> button to test settings.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> button;</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Review the settings and click the <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> button;</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>AdminServer</uicontrol> as the target
server;</cmd><info><p>For manual configuration you will need to set
the value of curam.server.name property in <filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> file
to be <tt>AdminServer</tt>.</p><?Pub Caret -3?></info></step>
<step><cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol> button;</cmd><info><p>It
is a good idea to restart the AdminServer at this point, to ensure
the changes are correct. To do this:</p></info>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>Navigate to <menucascade><uicontrol>&lt;DomainName></uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Environment</uicontrol><uicontrol>Servers</uicontrol>
</menucascade>;</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Control</uicontrol> tab, then
select AdminServer in the Server's list and click <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Shutdown</uicontrol><uicontrol>When work completes</uicontrol>
</menucascade>;</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> button to shutdown
the AdminServer.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
<info>Although it is very easy to kill managed servers by using Ctrl
+ C when it is running in a command prompt, never do this. Always
use the Administration Console to shutdown all managed servers as
described above. Using Ctrl + C from a Command Prompt will significantly
slow down a machine after a couple of restarts. This is because memory
is not released as it should be and the only remedy is to restart
the machine.</info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005435?>
