<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="d1e2778" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Application deployment</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Application deployment</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Use the Administration Console to install an enterprise application in <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_long"/></shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Install an application, EJB component, or web module using the Administrative Console.</p>
<note type="note">Once the install has been started, the <uicontrol>Cancel</uicontrol> button must
be used to exit if the installation of the application is aborted. It is not sufficient to simply
move to another Administrative Console page without first clicking <uicontrol>Cancel</uicontrol> on
an application installation page.</note>
<ol>
<li>Navigate to <menucascade><uicontrol>Applications</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>New Application</uicontrol></menucascade>;</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>New Enterprise Application</uicontrol>;</li>
<li>Click the appropriate radio button and specify the full path name of the source application file
or EAR file, optionally via the <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> button, in the <wintitle>Path to the
new application</wintitle> panel and click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>; <p>The default location for
the application EAR files is:</p>
<p><filepath>%SERVER_DIR%/build/ear/WAS/Curam.ear</filepath></p></li>
<li>Select the <uicontrol>Fast Path - Prompt only when additional information is
required</uicontrol> radio button in the <wintitle>How do you want to install the
application?</wintitle> panel and click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>;</li>
<li>Leave the defaults as they are for step 1, <i>Select installation options</i> and click
<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>;</li>
<li>In step 2, <uicontrol>Map modules to servers</uicontrol>, for every module listed, select a
target server or a cluster from the <uicontrol>Clusters and Servers</uicontrol> list. To do this,
tick the check box beside the particular module(s) and then select the server or cluster and click
<uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>For the following step(s) click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> and then
<uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol> to complete the installation. This step may take a few minutes and
should finish with the message <i>Application Curam installed successfully</i>.</li>
<li>Save the changes to the Master Configuration. (See <xref
href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration3SaveMasterConfiguration1.dita"/> for more details.)</li>
<li>Navigate to <menucascade><uicontrol>Applications</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Application Types</uicontrol><uicontrol>WebSphere enterprise
applications</uicontrol></menucascade> and select the newly installed application.</li>
<li>Select the <uicontrol>Class loading and update detection</uicontrol> option from the
<uicontrol>Detail Properties</uicontrol> section.</li>
<li>Set the <uicontrol>Class loader order</uicontrol> to be <uicontrol>Classes loaded with local
class loader first (parent last)</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Set the <uicontrol>WAR class loader policy</uicontrol> to be <uicontrol>Single class loader for
application</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Navigate to <uicontrol>Users and Groups -&gt; Manage Users</uicontrol>. Click
<uicontrol>Create...</uicontrol> and enter a User ID, Password, First Name and Last Name. Then click
on <uicontrol>Create</uicontrol>. <p>See <xref href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Deployment2Deployment2.dita"/> for
information regarding the credentials expected here by the application and changing them.</p></li>
<li>Return back to the enterprise application (<menucascade><uicontrol>Applications</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Application Types</uicontrol><uicontrol>WebSphere enterprise
applications</uicontrol></menucascade>, select the newly installed application) and select the
<uicontrol>Security role to user/group mapping</uicontrol> option from the <uicontrol>Detail
Properties</uicontrol> section and map the mdbuser role to a username and password as per these
steps: <note type="note">The username you use to map to the mdbuser role must already be defined in
your user registry.</note>
<ol>
<li>Check <uicontrol>Select</uicontrol> for the mdbuser role and click <uicontrol>Map
Users...</uicontrol>;</li>
<li>Enter the appropriate username in the <uicontrol>Search String</uicontrol> field and click
<uicontrol>Search</uicontrol>;</li>
<li>Select the ID from the <uicontrol>Available:</uicontrol> list and click
<uicontrol>&gt;&gt;</uicontrol> to add it to the <uicontrol>Selected:</uicontrol> list and click
<uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</li>
</ol></li>
<li>Having mapped the mdbuser role you can now update the user RunAs role by selecting the
<uicontrol>User RunAs roles</uicontrol> option from the <uicontrol>Detail Properties</uicontrol>
section.</li>
<li>Enter an appropriate username and password in the <uicontrol>username</uicontrol> and
<uicontrol>password</uicontrol> fields, respectively. Check <uicontrol>Select</uicontrol> for the
mdbuser role and click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Save the changes to the master configuration.</li>
<li>After deployment it is necessary to start the application before it can be used. Navigate to
<menucascade><uicontrol>Applications</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Application Types</uicontrol><uicontrol>WebSphere enterprise
applications</uicontrol></menucascade>, tick the check box for the newly installed application, and
click the <uicontrol>Start</uicontrol> button. This step may take a few minutes and should finish
with the application status changing to indicate it has been started.</li>
<li>Finally, test the application deployment. For example, point a Web browser at the URL for the
deployed application e.g. <filepath>https://localhost:9044/Curam</filepath>.</li>
<?Pub Caret 149?>
</ol>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000006023?>
