<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="d1e979" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Testing the deployment</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Testing the deployment</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Start and test the deployed application.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>When the application is installed on a configured WebSphere Application Server installation the
next step is to start and test the application. <note>The installation of a web services application
might also be required.</note></p>
<p>Ensure the relevant server is started and open the following page in a web browser:</p>
<codeblock>https://&lt;some.machine.com>:&lt;port>/&lt;context-root></codeblock>
<?Pub Caret -2?>
<p>where,</p>
<p><varname>&lt;some.machine.com></varname> identifies the the host name or IP address where your
WebSphere Application Server is running, <varname>&lt;port></varname> identifies the server port on
which client application is deployed and <varname>&lt;context-root></varname> identifies the Context
Root of the WAR module (see <xref href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Building2MultipleEarFiles1.dita"/>, for
details). There is no need to restart the server after an application is deployed.</p>
<p>Before the page can be opened, the browser will be directed to the login page. Log in with a
valid Cúram username and password and the browser will be redirected to the requested page.</p>
<note type="note">The usage of EAR file name <filepath>Curam.ear</filepath> for
option<option>-Dear.file</option> and usage of application server name <tt>Curam</tt> for
option<option>-Dapplication.name</option> in the examples of this chapter are for illustrative
purposes. Based on your customized application and deployment strategy these values may
change.</note>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001802?>
