<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e864">
<title>Deploying an application</title>
<shortdesc>After packaging the <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/>
application and web services application in EAR files, you need to deploy them to the application
server.</shortdesc><conbody>
<note>The configuration scripts provided in <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_long"/> only support a simple
configuration targeted at a single server in the Express or Base editions of <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/>.</note>
<section>
<title>SDEJ targets</title>
<p>SDEJ provides targets for installing and un-installing applications on <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/>. As with the
<cmdname>startserver</cmdname> / <cmdname>stopserver</cmdname> targets, the
<cmdname>installapp</cmdname> / <cmdname>uninstallapp</cmdname> targets require that the
<filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> file is configured correctly (see <xref
href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration4WebsphereApplicationServerConfigura1.dita"/>). </p>
</section>
<section><title>Install an application</title><p>You do not have to restart the server after
installation, the install target automatically starts the application.</p><p>The Ant target to
install an application (in the form of an EAR file) is <cmdname>installapp</cmdname> and requires
the following options:</p><ul>
<li><option>-Dserver.name</option> The name of the server to install the application on.</li>
<li><option>-Dear.file</option> The fully qualified name of the EAR file to install.</li>
<li><option>-Dapplication.name</option> The name of the application.</li>
</ul>An example command is as follows: <cmdname>build installapp -Dserver.name=CuramServer
-Dear.file=$SERVER_DIR/build/ear/Curam.ear -Dapplication.name=Curam</cmdname><note type="note">You
must deploy the EAR file containing the server module before installing any other (client-only) EAR
files.</note><p>You can use the optional Ant property <codeph>wsadmin.extra.args</codeph>to pass
additional arguments to wsadmin. The following example sets new <tm tmtype="reg" trademark="Java"
>Java</tm> heap sizes and passes the option to append wsadmin tracing:
<cmdname>-Dwsadmin.extra.args="-javaoption -Xms1024m -javaoption -Xmx1024m -appendtrace
true"</cmdname></p><p>Do not use this property to set arguments already passed using the Ant
scripts. Also, you can observe these scripts when running Ant by specifying its verbose option:
<codeph>-v</codeph>. </p></section>
<section>
<title>Change SYSTEM Username</title>
<p>You must change the username for JMS invocation while deploying the application by setting the
following properties in <filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> file before deployment:</p>
<ul>
<li><option>curam.security.credentials.async.username</option>  The username that JMS invocations
runs under.</li>
<li><option>curam.security.credentials.async.password</option> The encrypted password associated
with the username. The password must be encrypted using the Ant <cmdname>encrypt</cmdname> target.
See the <cite>Cúram Server Developers Guide</cite> for more information.</li>
</ul>
<p>You can also  change the username when the application has been deployed by using the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/> administrative console. Navigate
to <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Applications</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Application Types</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>WebSphere enterprise applications</uicontrol>
</menucascade> and select the <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/>
application. Select the <uicontrol>User RunAs roles</uicontrol> link. Check the <tt>everyone</tt>
role, enter a new username, unencrypted password and click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol>. Save the
changes as detailed in <xref href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration3SaveMasterConfiguration1.dita"/>.</p>
<note>The new username must be in the Users database table and this user must have a role of
'SUPERROLE'.</note>
<p>The SYSTEM user is the user under which JMS messages are executed.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Uninstall an Application</title><p>Use the Ant target <cmdname>uninstall</cmdname>
to uninstall an application. <cmdname>uninstall</cmdname> requires the following options:</p><ul>
<li><option>-Dserver.name</option> The name of the server the application is installed on.</li>
<li><option>-Dapplication.name</option> The name of the application to uninstall.</li>
</ul>An example command is as follows: <cmdname>build uninstallapp -Dserver.name=CuramServer
-Dapplication.name=Curam</cmdname></section></conbody></concept>