<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e1664">
<title>Restart the application server</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Restart the application server</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Restart the servers that the security changes take effect and to add additional required
users. </shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>This step is compulsory. Stop the server by using the <filepath>stopServer.bat</filepath> file in
the <filepath>profiles/AppSrv01/bin</filepath> directory of the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_long"/> installation.</p>
<p>Before restarting the application server (e.g. server1), you must make the registry and
cryptography JAR files available to <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/>. The registry JAR file contains
classes necessary for the security configuration and the cryptography JAR file contains necessary
configuration settings and data for password security.</p>
<p>The <filepath>Registry.jar</filepath> file is located in the <filepath>lib</filepath> directory
of the SDEJ installation. Copy this file into the <filepath>lib</filepath> directory of the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/> installation.</p>
<p>Generate the <filepath>CryptoConfig.jar</filepath> file by running the ant target
<cmdname>configtest</cmdname> as follows, <i>build configtest -Dcrypto.ext.dir=filedir</i>. Copy the
<filepath>CryptoConfig.jar</filepath> from the generated location. Copy this file into the <tm
tmtype="reg" trademark="Java">Java</tm>
<filepath>jre/lib/ext</filepath> directory. If you require customizations to the cryptographic
configuration see the <cite>Curam Security Handbook</cite> for more information. </p>
<p>Start the application server (e.g. server1) and open the Administrative Console to continue with
the configuration steps. Because the security configuration is complete and the scripting changes
have been made, you can now use the SDEJ scripts to restart the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/>. See <xref
href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration4StartingStoppingWebsphereServers1.dita"/> for more details on
restarting the server.</p>
<p>Open the Administrative Console to continue with the configuration. Now that global security is
enabled, you must log into the console with the username and password credentials set up
previously.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
