<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e1061">
<title>Scripting support</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Scripting support</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Change the <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_long"/>
property files to support the execution of provided Ant scripts.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section>
<title>sas.client.props</title>
<p>Open <filepath>sas.client.props</filepath> in the
<filepath>profiles/AppSvr01/properties</filepath> directory. Set the login source to retrieve the
username and password from a properties file. Set, or where necessary, add the following
properties:</p>
<codeblock>
com.ibm.CORBA.loginSource=properties
# RMI/IIOP user identity
com.ibm.CORBA.loginUserid=websphere
com.ibm.CORBA.loginPassword=websphere</codeblock>
<p>Where <varname>websphere</varname> is the username and password for the Administration
Console.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>soap.client.props</title>
<p>Open <filepath>soap.client.props</filepath> in <filepath>profiles/AppSvr01/properties</filepath>.
Set the login source to retrieve the username and password from a properties file. Set the following
properties to match the credentials you configured for <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/> as in <xref
href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration4WebsphereApplicationServerConfigura1.dita"/>. In the following
sample the values are examples and the password specified in this file cannot be encrypted:</p>
<codeblock>
com.ibm.SOAP.loginUserid=websphere
com.ibm.SOAP.loginPassword=websphere</codeblock>
<p>where <varname>websphere</varname> is the username and password for the Administrative
Console.</p>
<p>To avoid timeouts when installing EAR files ensure that the following is at least:</p>
<codeblock>com.ibm.SOAP.requestTimeout=3600</codeblock>
</section>
<section>
<title>server.policy</title>
<p>Open <filepath>server.policy</filepath> in the <filepath>profiles/AppSvr01/properties</filepath>
directory. Add the following lines to the end of this file:</p>
<codeblock>
grant codeBase "file:&lt;CURAMSDEJ&gt;/drivers/-" {
permission java.security.AllPermission;
};</codeblock>
<p>where <varname>&lt;CURAMSDEJ&gt;</varname> is the SDEJ installation directory.</p>
<codeblock>
grant codeBase "file:${was.install.root}/
profiles/&lt;profile.name&gt;/installedApps/
&lt;cell.name&gt;/&lt;SERVER_MODEL_NAME&gt;.ear/
guice-2.0.jar" { permission java.lang.RuntimePermission
"modifyThread"; permission java.lang.RuntimePermission
"modifyThreadGroup"; };</codeblock>
<p>Where:<ol>
<li><varname>&lt;profile.name&gt;</varname> is the name of the target <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/> profile.</li>
<li><varname>&lt;cell.name&gt;</varname> is the name of the target WebSphere Application Server
cell.</li>
<li><varname>&lt;SERVER_MODEL_NAME&gt;</varname> is the name of the application (base name of the
EAR file).</li>
</ol>
</p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
