<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="d1e553" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"
/></title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Configuring <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"
/></searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Configuring <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_long"/>
involves setting up a profile, data source, a number of servers and configuring the JMS and security
settings. Execute the <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target provided by the SDEJ to perform these
tasks.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>Configuring <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/> is
similar on all platforms and the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/compname_sdej"/> provides a number of Ant targets to
aid the configuration and management of the installation. </p>
<p>The configuration target provided by the SDEJ is a simple default configuration and might not be
suitable for a production environment.</p>
<note type="note">The <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target overwrites the <i>default</i> profile
created by <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/> unless
<varname>-Dkeep.profile=true</varname> is passed to the target.</note>
<p>The profile created by the <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target takes the following defaults
unless specifically overridden when calling the target.</p>
<ul>
<li><option>profile.name=AppSvr01</option></li>
<li><option>cell.name=${node.name}Cell</option></li>
</ul>
<p>Execute the command <cmdname>build configure</cmdname> from the
<filepath>&lt;SERVER_DIR></filepath> directory to invoke automatic configuration. The files
<filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> and <filepath>Bootstrap.properties</filepath> must be in
the <filepath>&lt;SERVER_DIR>/project/properties</filepath> directory. You can override this default
location for the properties file by specifying <cmdname>-Dprop.file.location=&lt;new
location></cmdname> when executing the <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target. See the <cite>Cúram
Server Developer's Guide</cite> for more information on the setup of a
<filepath>Bootstrap.properties</filepath>. <xref
href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration4WebsphereApplicationServerConfigura1.dita"/> shows example contents
of the <filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> file.</p>
<codeblock>## APPLICATION SERVER PROPERTIES

# Property to indicate WebSphere is installed.
as.vendor=IBM

# The username and encrypted password for admin server.
security.username=&lt;e.g. websphere>
security.password=&lt;encrypted password>

# The name of the WebSphere Node
node.name=MyNode

# The name of the server on which the application will be hosted.
curam.server.name=CuramServer
curam.server.port=2809

#####################################################
## THE FOLLOWING PROPERTIES ARE FOR WebSphere ONLY ##
#####################################################
# The alias that should be used for the database authorization
curam.db.auth.alias=databaseAlias

# HTTP Port for the server on which the client
# will be accessed
curam.client.httpport=9044

# HTTP Port for the server on which the Web services
# will be accessed
curam.webservices.httpport=9082

# Property to set JVM initial and maximum heap size.
curam.server.jvm.heap.size=1024</codeblock>
<p>By default the <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target establishes a Type 4 Universal Driver (XA)
data source. However, you may configure a Type 2 Universal Driver (XA) data source by setting the
curam.db.type2.required property in the <filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> file.</p>
<p>Also by default, the <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target sets the JVM initial and maximum heap
size to "1024" MB. However, you can override the default JVM initial and maximum heap size by
setting the curam.server.jvm.heap.size property in the <filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath>
file.</p>
<note type="note">
<ol>
<li>The setting of the Java heap as described in the <xref
href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration4WebsphereApplicationServerConfigura1.dita"/> example and set by the
configuration scripts is for illustrative purposes. Based on the size of your customized
application, deployment strategy, etc. these settings may be too low or too high. The optimum value
should be determined by monitoring the memory performance of your server.</li>
<li>Memory issues have been noticed with the WebSphere Application Server wrapped database drivers
during the retrieval of large CLOBs and BLOBs (3MB+) from the database. These issues may be
worked-around by increasing the Max Heap Size JVM parameter as appropriate on the deployed
server.</li>
<li>The <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target cannot be run when H2 database is in use. For more
information on H2 database consult the <cite>Cúram Third-Party Tools Installation Guide for
Windows</cite>.</li>
<?Pub Caret -1?>
</ol>
</note>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000004333?>
