<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e2713">
<title>Post configuration tasks</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Post configuration tasks</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Create database tables required for the Service Integration Bus and create the database
tables required for the Timer Service.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section id="section_et3_yzj_dhb">
<title>Service Integration Bus database tables</title>
<p>Manually create database tables required for the Service Integration Bus (SIB). <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_long"/> provides the SIB DDL Generator to
generate the SQL for creating these tables.</p>
<p>Run the generator by executing the following command (example for Windows):</p>
<codeblock>
  %WAS_HOME%\bin\sibDDLGenerator.bat
    -system <varname>system</varname>
    -platform <varname>platform</varname>
    -schema <varname>username</varname>
    -database <varname>database_name</varname>
    -user <varname>username</varname>
    -statementend ; 
    -create</codeblock>
<p>Where</p>
<ul id="ul_lfr_b1k_dhb">
<li><varname>system</varname> is the database that is to be used, e.g. <tt>oracle</tt> or
<tt>db2</tt>;</li>
<li><varname>platform</varname> is the operating system, such as <tt>windows</tt>, <tt>unix</tt> or
<tt>zos</tt>;</li>
<li><varname>username</varname> is the username required for accessing the database, as specified in
the <filepath>Bootstrap.properties</filepath> property <tt>curam.db.username</tt>;</li>
<li><varname>database_name</varname> is the name of the database to be used, as specified in the
<filepath>Bootstrap.properties</filepath> property <tt>curam.db.name</tt>.</li>
</ul>
<p>For example:</p>
<codeblock>c:/Websphere/AppServer/bin/sibDDLGenerator.bat
            -system db2 -platform windows
            -schema db2admin -database curam -user db2admin
            -statementend ; -create</codeblock>
<p>This command outputs some SQL statements which you run on the target database.</p>
</section>
<section id="section_b14_yzj_dhb">
<title>Timer service database tables</title>
<p>Manually create the database tables required for the Timer Service. <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_long"/> provides the DDL for these tables
in it's <filepath> WAS_HOME /Scheduler </filepath> directory.</p>
<p>The DDL files you run are the <varname>createTablespaceXXX.ddl</varname> and
<varname>createSchemaXXX.ddl</varname> in that order, where <varname>XXX</varname> is your target
database product name.</p>
<p>Each DDL file contains instructions appropriate for running against your target database.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title>Completion</title>
<p>The application server is now configured and ready to install an <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> application on it. Log out of the
Administration Console and restart the server using the targets described in <xref
href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration4StartingStoppingWebsphereServers1.dita"/>.</p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>