<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e2973">
<title>Configuring a node</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Configuring a node</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Configure the server before deploying an application on the registered node by using the
Deployment Manager Administration Console. The configuration is then synchronized with the node's
federated servers.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The Node Agent, which enables communication between the Deployment Manager and its federated
servers, is required to be started. This must be done via the <filepath>startNode.bat</filepath> or
<filepath>startNode.sh</filepath> command in the <filepath>profiles/&lt;federated profile
name&gt;/bin</filepath> directory of the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_long"/> installation.</p>
<p>After the Node Agent is started, all control is handed over to the Deployment Manager for this
Node's servers. To start or stop a server in the Deployment Manager Administration Console:</p>
<ol>
<li>Navigate to <menucascade><uicontrol>Servers</uicontrol><uicontrol>Server
Types</uicontrol><uicontrol>WebSphere application servers</uicontrol></menucascade>;</li>
<li>Check the server to be started or stopped from the list and click the
<uicontrol>Start</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Stop</uicontrol> button as required.</li>
</ol>
<p>Now configure the federated servers, all configuration is done through the Deployment Manager
Administrative Console. <xref
href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration3ManualWebsphereApplicationServerCon2.dita"/> describes the manual
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/> configuration for a
basic installation, and should be followed with the differences identified below. When saving the
master configuration ensure you manually force synchronization via the Administrative Console:</p>
<ol>
<li>Navigate to <menucascade><uicontrol>System Administration</uicontrol><uicontrol>Save Changes to
Master Repository</uicontrol></menucascade>;</li>
<li>Check the <uicontrol>Synchronize changes with Nodes</uicontrol> check box;</li>
<li>Select the <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> button. The synchronization may take some time;</li>
<li>Select the system or <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/>
logs for synchronization completion. These messages might vary by <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/> release, but you are looking for
something like:<fig>
<pre>ADMS0208I: The configuration synchronization complete for cell.</pre>
</fig>
<p>Once synchronization is complete, review the server status and various logs to ensure
success;</p></li>
</ol>
<p><xref href="t_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration3ConfigureAdministrationSecurity1.dita"/> details the
security setup required during manual configuration. This setup requires the
<filepath>Registry.jar</filepath> to be copied to a directory within the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/> installation. The
<filepath>Registry.jar</filepath> should be copied from <filepath>CuramSDEJ/lib</filepath> to the
<filepath>lib</filepath> directory of the Deployment Manager installation and any federated
installations.</p>
<p><xref href="t_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration3ConfigureAdministrationSecurity1.dita"/> this security
setup also requires the <filepath>CryptoConfig.jar</filepath> to be copied to the
<filepath>java/jre/lib/ext</filepath> directory within the WebSphere Application Server
installation. The <filepath>CryptoConfig.jar</filepath> should be copied to the same directory
structure for any other WebSphere Application Server installations in the environment.</p>
<note type="note">Before building the <filepath>Curam.ear</filepath> for deployment note the
<i>BOOTSTRAP_ADDRESS</i> of the server that these are installed onto. The <i>BOOTSTRAP_ADDRESS</i>
is located in the same list of ports as the <i>SOAP_CONNECTOR_ADDRESS</i> described previously.
<p>By default the <i>BOOTSTRAP_ADDRESS</i> expected by the application is 2809. To solve this issue
either change this address or alternatively change the relevant property in your
<filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> file.</p>
<p>The property that should be changed is the curam.server.port value in the
<filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> file. Changing this affects the port value in the
<filepath>web.xml</filepath> file when building an EAR file. For more information on the
<filepath>web.xml</filepath> file consult the <cite>Cúram Web Client Reference
Manual</cite>.</p></note>
</conbody>
</concept>