<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e679">
<title>User registry</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>User registry</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>When the <varname>CuramLoginModule</varname> login module is configured for identity
only, the <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_long"/> user registry
is queried.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>By default the configured user registry is not queried as part of authentication. When the
<varname>CuramLoginModule</varname> login module is configured for identity only, the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/> user registry is queried. You can
override this default behavior before running the Ant <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target to set the
<varname>curam.security.user.registry.enabled</varname> property in
<varname>AppServer.properties</varname>. For a previously configured server see the steps in <xref
href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration3SetUpSystemJaasLoginModule1.dita"/> to set the corresponding
<varname>CuramLoginModule</varname><varname>user_registry_enabled</varname> property.</p>
<p>If this property is set to true the user registry is queried during the authentication process,
regardless of whether identity only authentication is enabled or disabled. If this property is set
to false, the user registry is not queried. For example, if
<varname>curam.security.check.identity.only</varname> (<varname>check_identity_only</varname>) is
set to true and <varname>curam.security.user.registry.enabled</varname>
(<varname>user_registry_enabled</varname>) is set to false, neither the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/> authentication verifications nor the
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/> user registry is used as
part of the authentication process.</p>
<p>You can also control the authentication of different types of external users against the user
registry by using the <varname>curam.security.user.registry.enabled.types</varname> and/or the
<varname>curam.security.user.registry.disabled.types</varname> properties in
<filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> before running the Ant <cmdname>configure</cmdname>
target. For a previously configured server see the steps in <xref
href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration3SetUpSystemJaasLoginModule1.dita"/> to set the corresponding
<varname>CuramLoginModule</varname>
<varname>user_registry_enabled_types</varname> or <varname>user_registry_disabled_types</varname>
properties. The following properties specify a comma-delimited list of external user types that
might be authenticated using the user registry:<ul id="ul_hk3_rv1_x3b">
<li> User types specified in the curam.security.user.registry.enabled.types
(user_registry_enabled_types) list are processed against the user registry (for example, LDAP) and
your <varname>ExternalAccessSecurity</varname> implementation. See <xref
href="../Security/ctr_CuramSecurityHandbook.html" format="html"
scope="peer">Securing the application</xref> for more information on <varname>ExternalAccessSecurity
</varname>implementations.</li>
<li>User types specified in the <varname>curam.security.user.registry.disabled.types</varname>
(<varname>user_registry_disabled_types</varname>) list are not processed against the user registry
and the processing of your ExternalAccessSecurity implementation is the authority for
authentication.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>The precedence order in processing these properties and the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/> user or external (LDAP) registry
is as follows:<ol id="ol_pgk_xw1_x3b">
<li>By default the  user registry is not checked and the application authentication is used.</li>
<li>The setting of the <varname>curam.security.user.registry.enabled</varname> property
(<varname>user_registry_enabled</varname>) to true requires authentication by both the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/>, or external (LDAP), user
registry and application security for internal users or your
<varname>ExternalAccessSecurity</varname> implementation for external users.</li>
<li>An external user of a type specified in the
<varname>curam.security.user.registry.enabled.types</varname>
(<varname>user_registry_enabled_types</varname>) list must be authenticated by the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/>, or external, user registry and
your <varname>ExternalAccessSecurity</varname> implementation.</li>
<li>An external user of a type specified in the
<varname>curam.security.user.registry.disabled.types</varname>
(<varname>user_registry_disabled_types</varname>) list is not authenticated by the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/>, or external, user registry and
your <varname>ExternalAccessSecurity</varname> implementation is the authority.</li>
</ol></p>
</conbody>
</concept>
