<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e1">
<title>Configure transport layer security</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Configure transport layer security</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Set the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol to TLS v1.2. </shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>TLS v1.2 is only available Java version 7.0 or higher.</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Navigate to <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Security</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>SSL certificate and key management</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>SSL configurations</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select a specific configuration, e.g. NodeDefaultSSLSettings and open it. This process needs to
be carried out for all of the configurations listed.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Under the Additional Properties, click <uicontrol>Quality of Protection (QoP)
settings</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>From the <b>Protocol</b> drop-down, Select <uicontrol>TLSv1.2</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>For the <b>Cipher suite settings</b> drop-down, ensure that <b>Strong</b> is selected and then
click <uicontrol>Update selected ciphers</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<info>
<note importance="recommended">Over time, strong ciphers might be re-categorized as weak ciphers.
Therefore, it is recommended that you review the selected ciphers regularly to ensure that they are
up to date.</note>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> to confirm the changes.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to confirm the change.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Save the changes to the master configuration.</cmd></step>
<step>
<cmd>Edit the <b>ssl.client.props</b> file located in the folder
<b>&lt;WAS_HOME&gt;/profiles/&lt;Profile Name&gt;/properties</b>. Find the property
<tt>com.ibm.ssl.protocol</tt> and set its value to <tt>TLSv1.2</tt> e.g.
<tt>com.ibm.ssl.protoco=TLSv1.2</tt>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Save the file.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>