<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e1">
<title>Configure the port access</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Configure the port access</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Configure the port access.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Navigate to <menucascade><uicontrol>Servers</uicontrol><uicontrol>Server
Types</uicontrol><uicontrol>WebSphere application servers</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the appropriate server from the list.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Ports</uicontrol> link in the <uicontrol>Communications</uicontrol>
section.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>details</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> and set the following fields for the Client TCP/IP
port:</cmd>
<info>
<ul>
<li><uicontrol>User-defined Port Name</uicontrol> : <tt>CuramClientEndPoint</tt></li>
<li><uicontrol>Host</uicontrol>: <tt>*</tt></li>
<li><uicontrol>Port</uicontrol>: <tt>9044</tt></li>
</ul>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to apply the changes.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> and set the following fields for the WebServices TCP/IP
port:</cmd><info>
<ul>
<li><uicontrol>User-defined Port Name</uicontrol>: <tt>CuramWebServicesEndPoint</tt></li>
<li><uicontrol>Host</uicontrol>: <tt>*</tt></li>
<li><uicontrol>Port</uicontrol>: <tt>9082</tt></li>
</ul>
</info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to apply the changes.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Navigate to <menucascade><uicontrol>Servers</uicontrol><uicontrol>Server
Types</uicontrol><uicontrol>WebSphere application Servers</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the relevant server from the list.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Expand the <uicontrol>Web Container Settings</uicontrol> branch in the
<uicontrol>Container Settings</uicontrol> section.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Web container transport chains</uicontrol> link;</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> and set the following fields for the Client transport
chain:</cmd>
<info>
<ol>
<li><uicontrol>Name</uicontrol>: <tt>CuramClientChain</tt></li>
<li><uicontrol>Transport Chain Template</uicontrol>: WebContainer-Secure</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Use Existing Port</uicontrol>: CuramClientEndPoint</li>
<li>Select <menucascade><uicontrol>Next</uicontrol><uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol></menucascade></li>
</ol>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> and set the following fields for the WebServices
transport chain:</cmd>
<info>
<ol>
<li><uicontrol>Name</uicontrol>: <tt>CuramWebServicesChain</tt></li>
<li><uicontrol>Transport Chain Template</uicontrol>: WebContainer</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Use Existing Port</uicontrol>: CuramWebServicesEndPoint</li>
<li>Select <menucascade><uicontrol>Next</uicontrol><uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol></menucascade></li>
</ol>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>Select the newly created <uicontrol>CuramClientChain</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>HTTP Inbound Channel</uicontrol> link.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Ensure the <uicontrol>Use persistent keep alive connections</uicontrol> check box is
checked.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to confirm the addition.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Navigate to <menucascade><uicontrol>Environment</uicontrol><uicontrol>Virtual
hosts</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> to add a new <tt>Virtual Host</tt> by setting the
following fields</cmd>
<info>
<p><uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> = <varname>client_host</varname></p>
<p>Repeat this step, replacing <varname>client_host</varname> with
<varname>webservices_host</varname>.</p>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>client_host</uicontrol> link from the list of virtual hosts.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Host Aliases</uicontrol> link in the <uicontrol>Additional
Properties</uicontrol> section.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> to add a new <tt>Alias</tt> by setting the following
fields.</cmd><info>
<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Host Name</uicontrol> = *</li>
<li><uicontrol>Port</uicontrol> = <varname>9044</varname><p>where <varname>9044</varname> is the
port used in step 5. Repeat this step for the other Virtual Host and port used (e.g.
webservices_host, 9082);</p></li>
</ul>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to confirm the addition;</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Save the changes to the master configuration as described in <xref
href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration3SaveMasterConfiguration1.dita"/>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
