<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e1">
<title>Configure the JMS connection factories</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Configure the JMS connection factories</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Configure the JMS connection factories</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Navigate to
<menucascade><uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol><uicontrol>JMS</uicontrol><uicontrol>JMS
providers</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd><i>Note:</i> The appropriate scope where the JMS resources are to be defined should be
selected.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Default messaging provider</uicontrol> link.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Connection factories</uicontrol> link in the <uicontrol>Additional
Properties</uicontrol> section.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> and set the following fields:</cmd>
<info>
<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Name</uicontrol>: CuramQueueConnectionFactory</li>
<li><uicontrol>JNDI Name</uicontrol>: jms/CuramQueueConnectionFactory</li>
<li><uicontrol>Description</uicontrol>: The factory for all connections to application queues</li>
<li><uicontrol>Bus Name</uicontrol>: CuramBus</li>
<li><uicontrol>Authentication alias for XA recovery</uicontrol>: Same as for the
<tt>jdbc/curamdb</tt> data source, for example <varname>&lt;SERVERNAME&gt;</varname> /db admin</li>
<li><uicontrol>Mapping-configuration alias</uicontrol>: DefaultPrinicipalMapping</li>
<li><uicontrol>Container-managed authentication alias</uicontrol>: Same as for the Authentication
alias for XA recovery.</li>
</ul>
</info><info>
<p>Leave everything else as the default and select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to apply the
changes.</p>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> and set the following fields:</cmd>
<info>
<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Name</uicontrol>: CuramTopicConnectionFactory</li>
<li>
<p><uicontrol>JNDI Name</uicontrol>: jms/CuramTopicConnectionFactory</p>
</li>
<li><uicontrol>Description</uicontrol>: The factory for all connections to application queues.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Bus Name</uicontrol>: CuramBus</li>
<li><uicontrol>Authentication alias for XA recovery</uicontrol>: Same as for the
<tt>jdbc/curamdb</tt> data source, for example <varname>&lt;SERVERNAME&gt;</varname> /db admin.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Mapping-configuration alias</uicontrol>: DefaultPrinicipalMapping</li>
<li><uicontrol>Container-managed authentication alias</uicontrol>: Same as for the
<tt>jdbc/curamdb</tt> data source, for example <varname>&lt;SERVERNAME&gt;</varname> /dbadmin</li>
</ul>
<p>Leave everything else as the default and select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to apply the
changes;</p>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>Save the changes to the master configuration as described in <xref
href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration3SaveMasterConfiguration1.dita"/>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result>
<note type="note">With the manual configuration steps it is not possible to correctly configure
security for the queue and topic connection factories. To complete this part of the configuration
you must use the <tt>wsadmin</tt> tool. To do so exit the Administrative Console and follow these
steps: <ol>
<li>Identify the queue and topic connection factory entries in the WebSphere Application Server
configuration <filepath>resources.xml</filepath> file. This file resides in the
<filepath>%WAS_HOME%\profiles\&lt;profile_name&gt;\config</filepath> file system hierarchy depending
on your naming conventions and the scope where you defined your JMS resources. For instance, using a
node-level scope with a profile name of <tt>AppSrv01</tt>, a cell name of <tt>MyNodeCell</tt> and a
node name of <tt>MyNode</tt> you would find this file here:
<filepath>C:\WebSphere\profiles\AppSrv01\config\cells\MyNodeCell\nodes\MyNode\resources.xml</filepath>.
In this file you must find the <tt>&lt;factories&gt;</tt> entities for the
<tt>CuramQueueConnectionFactory</tt> and <tt>CuramTopicConnectionFactory</tt> and make note of the
ID for each that begins <tt>J2CConnectionFactory_</tt> followed by a numeric (e.g.
1264085551611).</li>
<li>Invoke the <tt>wsadmin</tt> WebSphere script. In these examples the language is JACL, so the
<i>-lang jacl</i> argument may need to be specified along with login credentials, etc. depending on
your local configuration.</li>
<li>In <tt>wsadmin</tt> invoke the following commands; again, assuming node-scope definitions, a
cell name of <tt>MyNodeCell</tt>, and a node name of <tt>MyNode</tt>, the resource IDs will be
different in your environment. <ol>
<li>Get the node and cell identifier: <tt>$AdminConfig getid /Node:MyNode</tt></li>
<li>Using the node and cell identifier from the previous step, combine it and the connection factory
identifier you obtained above to display the connection factory: <tt>$AdminTask
showSIBJMSConnectionFactory
CuramQueueConnectionFactory(cells/MyNodeCell/nodes/MyNode|resources.xml#J2CConnectionFactory_1264085551611)</tt>
<p>From the above command output you should verify that authDataAlias is not set (e.g.
<tt>authDataAlias=</tt>), else you're done, as shown in this sample wsadmin output:</p><fig>
<pre>{password=, logMissingTransactionContext=false,
readAhead=Default, providerEndpoints=,
shareDurableSubscriptions=InCluster,
targetTransportChain=, authDataAlias=, userName=,
targetSignificance=Preferred,
shareDataSourceWithCMP=false,
nonPersistentMapping=ExpressNonPersistent,
persistentMapping=ReliablePersistent, clientID=,
jndiName=jms/CuramQueueConnectionFactory,
manageCachedHandles=false,
consumerDoesNotModifyPayloadAfterGet=false,
category=, targetType=BusMember, busName=CuramBus,
description=None,
xaRecoveryAuthAlias=crouch/databaseAlias,
temporaryTopicNamePrefix=, remoteProtocol=,
producerDoesNotModifyPayloadAfterSet=false,
connectionProximity=Bus, target=,
temporaryQueueNamePrefix=,
name=CuramQueueConnectionFactory}</pre>
</fig></li>
<li>To set the authDataAlias use the same connection factory information as above; e.g.:
<tt>$AdminTask modifySIBJMSConnectionFactory
CuramQueueConnectionFactory(cells/MyNodeCell/nodes/MyNode|resources.xml#J2CConnectionFactory_1264085551611)
{-authDataAlias crouch/databaseAlias}</tt></li>
<li>Save the changes: <tt>$AdminConfig save</tt></li>
<li>You can invoke the <tt>showSIBJMSConnectionFactory</tt> command to verify the change.</li>
<li>Repeat the steps for the <tt>CuramTopicConnectionFactory</tt>.</li>
<li>Restart the application server.</li>
</ol></li>
</ol></note>
</result>
</taskbody>
</task>