<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<task id="d1e1" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Add the login module</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Add the login module</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Add the login module.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Navigate to <menucascade><uicontrol>Security</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Global security</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Expand <uicontrol>Java Authentication and Authorization Service</uicontrol> entry in the
<uicontrol>Authentication</uicontrol> section and select <uicontrol>System
logins</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the relevant Alias from the list. Configure the login module for the
<varname>DEFAULT</varname>, <varname>WEB_INBOUND</varname> and <varname>RMI_INBOUND</varname>
aliases.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> to configure a new Login Module.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Set the <uicontrol>Module class name</uicontrol> field to be
<tt>curam.util.security.CuramLoginModule</tt>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Check the <uicontrol>Use login module proxy</uicontrol> option.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>REQUIRED</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Authentication
strategy</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Enter into <uicontrol>Custom properties</uicontrol> table Name/Value pairs for any
required properties as listed in Table 1, select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> as needed.</cmd><info>
<table id="d1e1750" scale="70"><title>CuramLoginModule Custom Properties</title><tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colnum="1" colwidth="30*"/>
<colspec colnum="2" colwidth="20*"/>
<colspec colnum="3" colwidth="50*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Name</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Example Value</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
<p>exclude_usernames</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>websphere, db2admin</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Required. A list of usernames to be excluded from authentication. The default delimiter is a
comma, but may be overridden by exclude_usernames_delimiter. This list should include the WebSphere
administration user (as specified in <xref
href="t_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration3ConfigureAdministrationSecurity1.dita"/>) and the database user (as
specified in <xref href="t_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration3CreatingDataSourceLoginAlias1.dita"/>). Any users
listed here should be defined in the WebSphere Application Server user registry.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>exclude_usernames_delimiter</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>|</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p><i>Optional</i>. A delimiter for the list of usernames provided in exclude_usernames. A delimiter
other than the default comma can be useful when usernames have embedded commas as with LDAP
users.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>login_trace</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>true</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p><i>Optional</i>. This property should be set to true to debug the authentication process. If set
to true the invocation of the login module will result in tracing information being added to the
WebSphere Application Server <filepath>SystemOut.log</filepath> file.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>module_name</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>DEFAULT, WEB_INBOUND or RMI_INBOUND</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p><i>Optional</i>. This property should be set to one of DEFAULT, WEB_INBOUND or RMI_INBOUND
depending on the configuration the login module is being defined for. It is used only when
login_trace is set to true for tracing purposes.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>check_identity_only</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>true</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p><i>Optional</i>. If this property is set to true the login module will not perform the usual
authentication verifications. Instead it will simply ensure that the user exists on the database
table. In this case the configured WebSphere Application Server user registry will not be by-passed
and will be queried after the login module. This option is intended where LDAP support is required
or an alternative authentication mechanism is to be used.</p>
<note type="note">If you are specifying identity only and using LDAP you may need to perform
additional configuration steps; please see <xref
href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration4SpecialConfigurationStepsWhenUsingI1.dita"/>.</note>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>user_registry_enabled</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>true</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p><i>Optional</i>. This property is used to override the behavior of by-passing the user registry.
If this property is set to true the WebSphere Application Server user registry will be queried
during the authentication process. If this property is set to false, the WebSphere Application
Server user registry will not be queried.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>user_registry_enabled_types</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>EXTERNAL</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p><i>Optional</i>. This property is used to specify a comma-delimited list of external user types
that will be processed against the WebSphere Application Server user registry (e.g. LDAP). See <xref
href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration4WebsphereApplicationServerUserRegis1.dita"/> for more information on
the processing of the WebSphere Application Server user registry.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>user_registry_disabled_types</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>EXTGEN,EXTAUTO</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p><i>Optional</i>. This property is used to specify a comma-delimited list of external user types
that will not be processed against the WebSphere Application Server user registry (e.g. LDAP). See
<xref href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration4WebsphereApplicationServerUserRegis1.dita"/> for more
information on the processing of the WebSphere Application Server user registry.</p>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup></table>
<?Pub Caret 0?>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to confirm the addition of the new login
module.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005856?>
