<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e1">
<title>Configure the database driver data source</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Configure the database driver data source</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Add the data source for the database driver and configure the properties for the data
source.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>Perform the following list of steps for each of the data sources. For each data source,
substitute <codeph>curamdb</codeph>, <codeph>curamsibdb</codeph>, and <codeph>curamtimerdb</codeph>
for <varname>&lt;DatasourceName&gt;</varname>. <note>In the data source name, do not use angle
brackets.</note></p>
</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>DB2 Using IBM JCC Driver(XA)</uicontrol> that is displayed on the
<uicontrol>JDBC Providers</uicontrol> list. The configuration screen for the provider is
displayed.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Data sources</uicontrol> link that is listed under
<uicontrol>Additional Properties</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> to add a data source.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Use the following list of properties for the fields:</cmd><info>
<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Data source name</uicontrol>
<varname>&lt;DatasourceName&gt;</varname></li>
<li><uicontrol>JNDI name</uicontrol>
<varname>jdbc/&lt;DatasourceName&gt;</varname></li>
</ul>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to continue.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Use the following list of properties for the fields:</cmd><info>
<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Driver type</uicontrol> 4.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Database name</uicontrol> The name of the Db2 database.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Server name</uicontrol> The name of the Db2 database server.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Port number</uicontrol> The Db2 database server port.</li>
</ul>
<p>Ensure that the <uicontrol>Use this data source in container managed persistence
(CMP)</uicontrol> checkbox is selected.</p>
</info><!--<info><p>Select <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</p></info><info><p><uicontrol>Database name</uicontrol> : The name of the DB2 database;</p><p><uicontrol>Server name</uicontrol> : The name of the DB2 database server;</p><p><uicontrol>Port number</uicontrol> : The DB2 database server port;</p><p>Ensure that the "Use this data source in container managed persistence (CMP)" checkbox is checked.</p><p/></info>--></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Use the following list of properties for the fields:</cmd><info>
<ul>
<li>Set the <uicontrol>Component-managed authentication alias</uicontrol> drop-down value to
<varname>&lt;valid for database&gt;</varname>.</li>
<li>Set the <uicontrol>Mapping-configuration alias</uicontrol> drop-down value to
DefaultPrinicipalMapping.</li>
<li>Set the <uicontrol>Container-managed authentication alias</uicontrol> drop-down value to
<varname>&lt;valid for database&gt;</varname> where the <varname>&lt;valid for
database&gt;</varname> alias used is the alias that you configured in the security setting. For more
information, see the <cite>Creating the Data Source Login Alias</cite> related link. </li>
</ul>
</info><!--<info><p>Set the <uicontrol>Mapping-configuration alias</uicontrol> drop down value to: DefaultPrinicipalMapping</p></info><info><p>Set the <uicontrol>Container-managed authentication alias</uicontrol> drop down value to: <varname>&lt;valid for database&gt;</varname>;</p><p>where the <varname>&lt;valid for database&gt;</varname> alias used is the one set up in the security setting. For more information, see the <cite>Creating the Data Source Login Alias</cite> related link.</p></info>--><info>
<p>Unless a specific change is required, do not modify the other fields.</p>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to continue.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol> to confirm the changes and continue.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the newly created <varname>DatasourceName</varname> data source from the displayed
list.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Custom Properties</uicontrol> link in <uicontrol>Additional
Properties</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <option>fullyMaterializeLobData</option>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Set the <option>value</option> to <uicontrol>false</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to confirm the change.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>