<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e1">
<title>Configure the required queues</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Configure the required queues</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>Configure the required queues.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>Perform the following steps, substituting <varname>&lt;QueueName&gt;</varname> (without the
angle brackets) with each of the following queue names: <uicontrol>DPEnactment</uicontrol>,
<uicontrol>DPError</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>CuramDeadMessageQueue</uicontrol>,
<uicontrol>WorkflowActivity</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>WorkflowEnactment</uicontrol> and
<uicontrol>WorkflowError</uicontrol>.</context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Navigate to <menucascade><uicontrol>Service
integration</uicontrol><uicontrol>Buses</uicontrol><uicontrol>CuramBus</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Destinations</uicontrol> link in the <uicontrol>Destination
resources</uicontrol> section.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> to open the <uicontrol>Create new
destination</uicontrol> wizard.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Queue</uicontrol> as the destination type and click
<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>;</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Set the following queue attributes:</cmd>
<info>
<p><uicontrol>Identifier</uicontrol>: SIB_ <varname>&lt;QueueName&gt;</varname></p>
<p>Leave everything else as the default and select <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</p>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>Use the <uicontrol>Selected Bus Member</uicontrol> and select
<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol> to confirm the queue creation.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the newly added SIB_ <varname>&lt;QueueName&gt;</varname> queue now displayed on
the list of existing providers. This action opens the configuration screen again;</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Use table 1 to set the Exception Destination using the <uicontrol>Specify</uicontrol>
radio button and associated text:</cmd>
<info>
<table id="d1e2503"><title>Exception Destination Settings</title><tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colnum="1" colwidth="36*"/>
<colspec colnum="2" colwidth="35*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Queue Name</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Exception Destination</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
<p>SIB_CuramDeadMessageQueue</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>System</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>SIB_DPEnactment</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>SIB_DPError</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>SIB_DPError</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>SIB_CuramDeadMessageQueue</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>SIB_WorkflowActivity</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>SIB_WorkflowError</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>SIB_WorkflowEnactment</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>SIB_WorkflowError</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>SIB_WorkflowError</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>SIB_CuramDeadMessageQueue</p>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup></table>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to apply the changes.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Navigate to
<menucascade><uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol><uicontrol>JMS</uicontrol><uicontrol>JMS
providers</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Default messaging provider</uicontrol> link.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Queues</uicontrol> link in the <uicontrol>Additional
Properties</uicontrol> section.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> and set the following fields:</cmd>
<info>
<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Name</uicontrol>: <varname>&lt;QueueName&gt;</varname></li>
<li><uicontrol>JNDI Name</uicontrol>: jms/ <varname>&lt;QueueName&gt;</varname></li>
<li><uicontrol>Bus Name</uicontrol>: CuramBus</li>
<li><uicontrol>Queue Name</uicontrol>: SIB_ <varname>&lt;QueueName&gt;</varname></li>
<li><uicontrol>Delivery Mode</uicontrol>: Persistent</li>
</ul>
</info><info>
<p>Leave everything else as the default and select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to apply the
changes.</p>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>Save the changes to the master configuration as described in <xref
href="c_WEBSPHAPS_Configuration3SaveMasterConfiguration1.dita"/>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>