<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_WEBSPHAPS_configwebsvrplugin" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring a web server plug-in</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>Configuring a web server plug-in</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<shortdesc>If a web server is configured in the topology, you must configure a web server plug-in in
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/>. <ph
id="verbtamper_info">For information about how to configure the web server's HTTP verb permissions
to mitigate verb tampering, see <xref href="../Security/t_SECHAND_httpverbperms.dita" scope="peer"
format="dita">Enabling HTTP verb permissions</xref>.</ph></shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context id="context_sbz_fnk_b2b">Complete the following tasks:<ul id="ul_vmx_znk_b2b">
<li>Add the web server virtual hosts to the client hosts configuration in <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/>.</li>
<li>Propagate the plug-in key ring for the web server.</li>
<li>Map the modules of any deployed applications to the web server.</li>
</ul>To complete the previous tasks, you can run the <codeph>configurewebserverplugin</codeph>
target. The target configures the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/> only when web servers are
configured in the topology. You can run the target even after the applications are deployed or
redeployed. In such cases, the target maps only the modules of any redeployed applications to the
web server.<note>Do not use the <codeph>configurewebserverplugin</codeph> target in a z/OS
environment because the plug-in configuration differs.</note></context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>To start automatic configuration, in the <filepath>SERVER_DIR</filepath> directory, run the
<codeph>configurewebserverplugin</codeph> target, as shown in the following example
command.</cmd><info>The <codeph>configurewebserverplugin</codeph> target requires a mandatory
<varname>server.name</varname> argument that specifies the name of the server when the target is
started. </info><stepxmp>
<codeblock>build configurewebserverplugin -Dserver.name=CuramServer</codeblock>
</stepxmp>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq><ph
conref="../Deployment_WeblogicServer/t_WEBLOGS_configweblogicplugin.dita#t_WEBLOGS_configweblogicplugin/verbtamper_info"
/></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
