<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_ACCESSIBILITYChapter3ReaderCEREditor" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>The Cúram Express Rule Editor</title>
<shortdesc>Create and publish new rule sets and modify existing ones
in an accessible manner via the administration application.</shortdesc><?Pub Caret -1?>
<conbody>
<p>Cúram Express Rule Sets contain rules that can be used in a number
of ways. A rule set can contain legislative rules that govern the
eligibility and entitlement for a related program  or some advisory
rules to assist a case working to process a clients application.</p>
<p>A CER rule set is stored as XML on the database and is maintained
through a number of administration screens in the online application.
There is also a Flex based CER editor that is used for periodic maintenance
however certain aspects of this editor are not accessible. </p>
<p>Many rule sets are used during the execution of key client application
processing, therefore all changes to rules are performed within a
development or staging environment where those changes can be tested
and approved. </p>
<p>The developer must have knowledge of the structure and definition
of a CER rule set that is described in the <cite>Cúram Express Rules
Reference Manual</cite>. For development outside of the online application
an XML editor is required. As this is a development activity it is
expected that the developer has access to the application database
and can log into the online application at any time.</p>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001670?>
