<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="t_ACCESSIBILITYChapter3ReaderCEREditorPublish" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Changing Existing Published Rule Sets</title>
<taskbody>
<context>The following section outlines how a user with disabilities can publish an existing rule
set in the administration application.</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>In the administration application, select the <uicontrol>Administration Workspace</uicontrol>
<wintitle>Application Section</wintitle>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>In the <wintitle>Shortcuts Panel</wintitle>, select the <uicontrol>Rules and
Evidence</uicontrol> category.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Within this category, select the <uicontrol>Cúram Rule Sets</uicontrol> link. This opens a page
containing a list of existing rule sets. Search for the rule set of interest.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>To publish this rule set, open the command prompt and navigate to the <filepath>&lt;application
install directory&gt;/EJBServer</filepath> folder.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Enter <uicontrol>build creole.extractrulesdata -Dcreolerulesetname=&lt;your rule set name&gt;
-Dinedit=true</uicontrol> into the command prompt. This extracts the rule set to the
<filepath>&lt;application install directory&gt;/EJBServer/dataextractor/blob</filepath>
folder.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>The developer copies this rule set to their custom component and places it into a
<filepath>Creole Rule Sets</filepath> folder. Using the preferred XML editor, the developer can
define the rules according to the guidelines outlined in the Cúram Express Rules Reference Manual.
To ensure consistency across the files, apply update annotations to the properties file as well as
to the XML file.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Once complete, the developer can validate and upload the rule set by using the command line
targets <uicontrol>build creole.validate.rulesets</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>build
creole.upload.rulesets</uicontrol> respectively.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>The corresponding properties file(s) can be uploaded via the <uicontrol>Application
Resources</uicontrol> link in the <wintitle>Intelligent Evidence Gathering</wintitle> shortcut panel
category.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>On the <wintitle>Application Resources</wintitle> page, select <uicontrol>Property</uicontrol>
in the <wintitle>Category</wintitle> drop-down and click <uicontrol>Search</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Locate the property file with the same name as the file to upload and select
<uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> from the list row action menu.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>In the modal, select the <uicontrol>browse</uicontrol> button and locate the properties file to
upload. Note: This will override the properties file store for this rule set. </cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
