<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="t_ACCESSIBILITYChapter2KeyboardSelectionWidgets" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Multiple-selection list boxes</title>
<shortdesc>Two widgets in the <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/>
application contain multiple-selection list boxes, the transfer list widget and the
multiple-selection widget. You can use a specific keyboard command to make multiple selections at
the same time in these widgets. </shortdesc>
<?Pub Caret 97?>
<conbody>
<p>A multiple-selection list box displays multiple selection options at the same time so that the
user can make multiple selections. A keyboard or screen reader user must use specific keyboard
commands to make multiple selections.</p>
<p>The following steps describe how to select multiple items with a keyboard, a screen reader, or a
combination. </p>
<p>The <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/ms_edge"/> browser is supported for
accessibility in <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/>.</p>
<p>Complete the following steps to select multiple items on the transfer list widget and the
multiple selection widget with <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/ms_edge"/>. </p>
<ol>
<li>Give focus to the multiple-selection form field by using the Tab key.</li>
<li>Use the Up Arrow and Down Arrow keys to navigate through items and move the selected state with
focus, that is, single selection.</li>
<li>Press Shift and the Up Arrow or Down Arrow keys to move focus and to toggle the selected state
of the previous or next option, that is, multiple adjacent selections.</li>
<li>Press Ctrl+Alt and the Up Arrow or Down Arrow keys to move focus without the selected state. In
this mode, press the Space bar to change the selected state of each highlighted item, that is,
multiple selections.</li>
</ol>
<!--<section><title>Multiple selections with <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_ie_long"/></title>The following steps describe multiple selections with <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/os_win_short"/> Internet Explorer: <ol><li>Give focus to the multiple selection form field by using the Tab key.</li><li>Press Shift+F8 to turn on the multiple selection mode. A flashing dotted line is displayed around the form field.</li><li>Use the Up Arrow and Down Arrow keys to navigate through the items in the multiple selections.</li><li>Press the Space bar to select each highlighted item.</li><li>When the needed items are selected, press Shift+F8 to exit the multiple selection mode.</li></ol></section>-->
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000001516?>
