<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<task id="t_ACCESSIBILITYChapter2ReaderShortcutPanel" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Section shortcut panel</title>
<shortdesc>You can navigate and interact with the section shortcut panel in the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> application by using a screen reader and
keyboard.</shortdesc><?Pub Caret 112?>
<taskbody>
<context>  <p>The section shortcut panel contains links to allow quick access to common user areas within the
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> application. These links are
grouped in section shortcut categories. Accessibility access features are integrated into the
section shortcut panel to help keyboard and screen reader users. </p>
<p>Use the following steps to navigate and interact with the section shortcut panel by using a
screen reader and keyboard:</p> </context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Navigate to the expand icon on the section shortcut panel using the TAB key and press ENTER.
This expands the section shortcut panel.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Press the Tab key to give focus to the expanded section shortcut category. JAWS identifies this
element as a Tab.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Use the Up Arrow and Down Arrow keys to navigate through each section shortcut category in the
section shortcut panel. The section is automatically expanded when it receives focus.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>When a section shortcut category receives focus, you can press the Tab key to access each link
in that category.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000001896?>
