<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="t_ACCESSIBILITYChapter3ReaderIEGDatastoreModify" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Modifying Existing Data Store Schemas</title>
<shortdesc>A user with disabilities can modify an existing data store schema in the administration
application.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>Use the following procedure to modify an existing data store schema in the administration
application.</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>In the administration application, select the <uicontrol>Administration Workspace </uicontrol>
Application Section.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>In the Section Shortcuts Panel, select the <uicontrol>Intelligent Evidence
Gathering</uicontrol> category.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Datastore schema</uicontrol> link.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>In the search form that is displayed in a new page, search for the appropriate data store
schema, and select the corresponding list action button. Select the <uicontrol>Download</uicontrol>
option, which you can use to save an offline copy of the selected data store schema.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Modify the downloaded data store schema script in an XML Editor.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Import the schema by selecting the <uicontrol>Import</uicontrol> page action.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>In the form that is displayed in a modal dialog, enter the name and ID of the original data
store schema into the appropriate field.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Overwrite</uicontrol> option.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Click the schema <uicontrol>browse</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>In the Windows Explorer dialog that opens, select the modified offline data store schema and
click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>. The XML in the data store schema is validated. If no validation
errors occur, the data store schema overwrites the pre-existing data store schema in the online
application.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
