<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="t_ACCESSIBILITYChapter2IEGDatePicker" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>IEG date picker in the classic <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/UA_component_short"/> application</title>
<shortdesc>You can use specific keyboard commands to navigate and make selections on the IEG date
picker in the classic <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/UA_component_long"/>
application.</shortdesc>
<?Pub Caret 97?>
<taskbody>
<context>
<p>A date picker form field displays a calendar widget to a user so that the user can select a
specific date. To select the specific date in the date picker widget by using a keyboard or a screen
reader, or a combination, users must use specific keyboard commands.</p>
</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Use the Tab key to give focus to the date picker form field.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Press the Down Arrow key to open the date picker.</cmd></step>
<step>
<cmd>Press the Left Arrow, Right Arrow, Up Arrow, and Down Arrow keys to navigate between date
cells.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Press Page Down to navigate to the same day in the next month.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Press Page Up to navigate to the same day in the previous month.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Press Alt+Page Down to navigate to the same day in the next year.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Press Alt+Page Up to navigate to the same day in the previous year.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Press Home to navigate to the first day in the month.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Press End to navigate to the last day in the month.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Press Enter, Space bar to select the date.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000001516?>
