<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<task id="t_ACCESSIBILITYChapter2ReaderTabs" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Tabs</title>
<shortdesc> Navigate and interact with tabs and their content in the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> application by using a screen reader and
keyboard.</shortdesc><?Pub Caret 101?>
<taskbody>
<context>  <p>The <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> application is divided
into a hierarchical structure with tab navigation at each level; application sections, application
tabs, content area navigation bar tabs and in page navigation tabs. Accessibility controls are
integrated into these tab navigation elements to help keyboard and screen readers. </p>
<p>Use the following steps to navigate and interact with these tabs and their content by using a
screen reader, a keyboard, or a combination of both:</p> </context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Give focus to the selected tab in the tab bar by using the Tab key. Only the selected tab can
be given focus by using the Tab key.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Use the Up and Down arrow keys to navigate through each tab in the tab bar.</cmd></step>
<step>
<cmd>When a tab receives focus, you can press the Tab key to access the content in the selected
tab.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>To close a tab, give focus to the relevant tab and press the Delete key. On <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/os_win_long"/>, you can also press Ctrl+W.</cmd>
<info>Pressing Shift+F10 with focus on the tab title, or right-clicking the tab title, opens a
context menu with the option to close the tab if available. Not all tabs can be closed as the delete
function can be disabled.</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>To expand an action menu, press Shift+Enter.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000001768?>
