<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="t_ACCESSIBILITYChapter3ReaderIEGDatastoreNew" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating a Data Store Schema</title>
<shortdesc>A user with disabilities can create a data store schema in the administration
application.</shortdesc>
<taskbody>
<context>Use the following procedure to upload a new data store schema in the administration
application.</context>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Compose a data store schema offline in an XML editor.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>In the administration application, select the <uicontrol>Administration Workspace</uicontrol>
Application Section.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>In the Section Shortcuts Panel, select the <uicontrol>Intelligent Evidence
Gathering</uicontrol> category.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Within this category, select the <uicontrol>Datastore Schema</uicontrol> link. A page opens
that contains a search form and an option to import data store schemas. </cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>To import the offline data store schema, select the <uicontrol>Import</uicontrol> page
action.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>In the form that is displayed in a modal dialog, enter the required schema name and ID into the
appropriate fields.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Click the schema <uicontrol>browse</uicontrol> button. </cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>In the Windows Explorer dialog that opens, select the new offline data store schema and click
<uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>. The XML in the data store schema is validated. If no validation errors
occur, the data store schema is uploaded to the online application.</cmd>
</step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
