<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e7638">
<title>Bootstrap.properties</title>
<shortdesc>The following properties relate to the <filepath>Bootstrap.properties</filepath>
file.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section id="section_smq_xbs_crb">
<title/>
<p>Select a properties category.</p>
<p>
<ul>
<li><xref href="#d1e7638/section_gml_2tc_crb" format="dita">Database</xref></li>
<li><xref href="#d1e7638/section_ftn_ftc_crb" format="dita">Environment</xref></li>
<li><xref href="#d1e7638/section_pkr_mtc_crb" format="dita">Test</xref></li>
<li><xref href="#d1e7638/section_i24_ptc_crb" format="dita">Custom</xref></li>
</ul>
</p>
</section>
<section id="section_gml_2tc_crb">
<title>Database</title>
<p>These settings configure <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> for
database communication.</p>
<table id="d1e7644"><title>Database settings</title><tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colnum="1" colwidth="35*"/>
<colspec colnum="2" colwidth="20*"/>
<colspec colnum="3" colwidth="45*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Property Name</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Type</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Meaning</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.type</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The property that specifies the database type. Valid values are: DB2, ORA, or ZOS</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.password</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The encrypted password that corresponds to the user name specified above. The database password
is never stored in plaintext in the various Curam property files.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.username</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>A valid database username.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.oracle.cachesize</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>INT32</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The size of the prepared statement cache used by batch programs when run against Oracle (the
prepared statement cache is based around implicit caching).</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.oracle.<?linebreak pdf?>connectioncache.enabled</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>BOOLEAN</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Turn on connection caching for Oracle outside of an Application Server.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.oracle.<?linebreak pdf?>connectioncache.minlimit</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>INT32</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Set Min Limit for the Cache. This sets the minimum number of PooledConnections that the cache
maintains. This guarantees that the cache will not shrink below this minimum limit.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.oracle.<?linebreak pdf?>connectioncache.maxlimit</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>INT32</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Set Max Limit for the Cache. This sets the maximum number of PooledConnections the cache can
hold. There is no default MaxLimit assumed meaning connections in the cache could reach as many as
the database allows.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.oracle.<?linebreak pdf?>connectioncache.initiallimit</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>INT32</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Set the Initial Limit. This sets the size of the connection cache when the cache is initially
created or reinitialized. When this property is set to a value greater than 0, then that number of
connections are pre-created and are ready for use.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.oracle.<?linebreak pdf?>connectioncache.name</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The name used to identify the cache uniquely.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.zos.32ktablespace</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Property that specifies the name of the table space used for 32k storage on DB2 z/OS.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.zos.enable<?linebreak pdf?>foreignkeys</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>BOOLEAN</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Controls whether foreign keys are generated for a z/OS database when running the Data Manager.
Note on usage - If Foreign Keys are used against a z/OS database, the tables are put in a
CHECK_PENDING state, causing failures when the tables are accessed. The state can only be changed
through direct
<?oxy_comment_start author="sean.obrien" timestamp="20151208T171727+0000" comment="This acronym needs to be expanded. Like &quot;Database Administrator&quot; but maybe &quot;Database Action.&quot;"?>DBA<?oxy_comment_end?>
intervention on the target platform (hence it cannot be scripted into the Data Manager which can run
on remote clients). In normal usage the Data Manager invokes
<?oxy_comment_start author="sean.obrien" timestamp="20151208T171822+0000" comment="This acronym needs to be expanded. Likely &quot;Line of Business.&quot;"?>LOB<?oxy_comment_end?>
Manager after applying the foreign keys. This means the LOB Manager should be re-run after the this
CHECK_PENDING state has been resolved.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.disableforeignkeys</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>BOOLEAN</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Controls whether foreign keys are generated in SQL statements. By default this property is false,
which means foreign key generation is enabled. However, for z/OS foreign keys will not be generated
if <codeblock>curam.db.zos.enableforeignkey</codeblock>s is set to false.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.disableInvalid<?linebreak pdf?>LobFileError</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>BOOLEAN</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>This property controls the reporting of invalid LOB file paths in DMX files. The default value is
FALSE. By default a build exception will be thrown, when set to TRUE a warning will be reported.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.zos.encoding</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Property which specifies whether the database being used on z/OS requires processing for EBCDIC,
ASCII, or UNICODE encoding. This should be set to EBCDIC, ASCII, or UNICODE depending on the
appropriate database encoding in use. EBCDIC is the default value.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.zos.dbname</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The name of the database on z/OS.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.database.shortnames</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>BOOLEAN</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>It is recommended strongly that this property be set to false. The functionality for this
property is planned for removal in a future version of Curam. If you have utilized this property in
previous versions of Curam, contact Curam Support for more information.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.oracle.servicename</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The Oracle database service name. Setting this will create database connection using Oracle
service name.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.name</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The database name. This setting will be overridden if property
<codeblock>curam.db.oracle.servicename</codeblock>is set for Oracle database.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.servername</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The database server name.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.serverport</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>INT32</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Suggested: 1521 (Oracle)/ 50000 (<keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_db2_long"/>). The database server TCP/IP
port.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.enable<?linebreak pdf?>.bindings.generation</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>BOOLEAN</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Suggested: false. Causes a bindings file to be generated for the Java Database Connectivity
(JDBC) data source when a database connection is made outside of the application server, e.g. by the
Batch Launcher. Has no effect if property
<codeblock>curam.db.disable.bindings.generation</codeblock> is set. It is intended to be used to
produce a starter bindings file which can then be customized.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.disable<?linebreak pdf?>.bindings.generation</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>BOOLEAN</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Suggested: false. Prevents re-generation of the JDBC data source bindings file and instead causes
the data source to be looked up from a customized bindings file when a database connection is made
outside of the application server, for instance by the Batch Launcher.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.dmx.locale</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Default: en. Property that specifies the locale that will be used when inserting DMX data onto
the database. The locale should be specified in the format: <codeblock>language_country</codeblock>,
for example <codeblock>en_US</codeblock>.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.multibyte.expansion</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>BOOLEAN</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Enables the multi-byte expansion feature for <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_db2_short"/> and <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_db2_short"/> for <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/zos"/>. Default value is true.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db.multibyte<?linebreak pdf?>.default.factor</codeblock>
</p>
<?Pub Caret 19?>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>FLOAT</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Specifies the default expansion factor for multi-byte string fields if the multi-byte expansion
feature is enabled. The value must be a float between the values of 1 and 4. Default value is 4.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db2.ssl</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>BOOLEAN</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Default: false. Indicates that Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is to be used for <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_db2_short"/> database communications.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db2.ssl.truststore.location</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>STRING</entry>
<entry>Default: none. Specifies the SSL trust store location to be used for secure <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_db2_short"/> database communications. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db2.ssl.truststore.password</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>STRING</entry>
<entry>Default: none. Specifies the SSL trust store password to be used for secure <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_db2_short"/> database communications.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.db2.purescale</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>BOOLEAN</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Default: false. Indicates that the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_db2_short"/> pureScale
property,<codeblock> enableSysplexWLB</codeblock>, is set for the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_db2_short"/> DataSource and <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_long"/> configuration.</p>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup></table>
<p><xref href="#d1e7638/section_smq_xbs_crb" format="dita">Back to properties category
list</xref></p>
</section>
<section id="section_ftn_ftc_crb">
<title>Environment</title>
<p>These settings configure the environment for your SPM application.</p>
<table id="d1e7837"><title>Environment settings</title><tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colnum="1" colwidth="35*"/>
<colspec colnum="2" colwidth="20*"/>
<colspec colnum="3" colwidth="45*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Property Name</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Type</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Meaning</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.environment.as.vendor</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Suggested: Should be set to BEA or IBM to reflect the Application Server being used. If running
outside an application server, this should be empty. This defines the Application Server in which
Curam will be deployed. This is setup automatically when the EAR file is built using the build
targets.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.environment.<?linebreak pdf?>tnameserv.port</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>INT32</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Suggested: 1221. Port on which the <codeph>tnameserv</codeph> is running.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.environment.<?linebreak pdf?>bindings.location</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Suggested: C:/Temp. Name of the file system location containing data sources.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.environment.<?linebreak pdf?>default.dateformat</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Default: yyyy MM dd. The date format. Can be set to one of: "d M Ayyubid," "M d Ayyubid," "yyyy M
d," "dd MM Ayyubid," "MM dd Ayyubid," "yyyy MM dd," "d MMM Ayyubid," "MMM d Ayyubid," "yyyy MMM d,"
"d MMM Ayyubid," "MMMM d Ayyubid," "yyyy MMMM d," "dd MMM Ayyubid," "MMM dd Ayyubid," or "yyyy MMM
dd."</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.environment.<?linebreak pdf?>default.dateseparator</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The date separator. Can be set to one of: ".", ",", "/", "-".</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.environment.default.timeformat</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>Valid time formats are <codeph>hh mm ss a</codeph>, <codeph>hh mm a</codeph>, <codeph>HH
mm</codeph>, and <codeph>HH mm ss</codeph>. Default is <codeph>HH mm ss</codeph></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.environment.default.timeseparator</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>Valid time separator formats are <codeph>:</codeph> and <codeph>.</codeph>. Default is
<codeph>:</codeph></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.disable.<?linebreak pdf?>dynamic.properties</codeblock>
</p>
<?Pub Caret 15?>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>BOOLEAN</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>This indicates if dynamic properties should be enabled or disabled. This is used by command line
tools that require access to properties but cannot access the database.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.deprecation.reporting</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>BOOLEAN</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>This indicates if deprecation reporting should be enabled or disabled. This is used by all tools
(both online and offline) that report deprecation warnings to the user (for example, rules and
workflow validation).</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.entity.struct.deprecation</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>BOOLEAN</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Indicates if generated entity standard structs should be deprecated if an entity is deprecated.
This is used by generators which generate standard entity structs.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.environment.<?linebreak pdf?>roundingprecision.enable</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Indicates if when rounding money types in Curam, the HALF_UP algorithm will be used. This means
that all Money will be rounded up. If set to true, the HALF_UP algorithm will be used. If not set, a
default of true is used.</p>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup></table>
<p><xref href="#d1e7638/section_smq_xbs_crb" format="dita">Back to properties category
list</xref></p>
</section>
<section id="section_pkr_mtc_crb">
<title>Test</title>
<p>These settings configure elements of SPM that are useful for unit testing. <note type="important"
>Do not use these settings in a deployed application as they can degrade performance or cause
failures.</note></p>
<table id="d1e7918"><title>Test settings</title><tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colnum="1" colwidth="35*"/>
<colspec colnum="2" colwidth="20*"/>
<colspec colnum="3" colwidth="45*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Property Name</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Type</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Meaning</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.test.<?linebreak pdf?>override.date</codeblock>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>This property allows the date and time to be set to a known value for testing. In order to
override the date and time the property should be in the format YYYYMMDDThhmmss. The 'T' character
is the separator between the date and the time. It is valid only to specify the date. If the time
portion of the property is not set explicitly the time will be default automatically to midnight
(00:00:00). For example, the string value '20070101T175930' represents 17:59:30 on Jan. 1, 2007. The
string value '20070101' represents 00:00:00 on Jan. 1, 2007.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.test.<?linebreak pdf?>treatreadmultimaxaserror</codeblock>
</p>
<?Pub Caret 12?>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>BOOLEAN</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Default: false. Specifies that a run time error should be thrown in addition to a log message
when the result size of Readmulti operation exceeds the maximum. This does not apply when the Treat
readmulti-max as InformationalException option is enabled</p>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup></table>
<p><xref href="#d1e7638/section_smq_xbs_crb" format="dita">Back to properties category
list</xref></p>
</section>
<section id="section_i24_ptc_crb">
<title>Custom</title>
<p>These settings allow a developer to replace elements of the SPM infrastructure with their own
customized handlers.</p>
<table id="d1e7950"><title>Custom settings</title><tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colnum="1" colwidth="35*"/>
<colspec colnum="2" colwidth="20*"/>
<colspec colnum="3" colwidth="45*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Property Name</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Type</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Meaning</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<codeblock>curam.custom.<?linebreak pdf?>workflow.webservicebpo</codeblock>
</p>
<?Pub Caret 14?>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>STRING</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The name of the application
B<?oxy_comment_start author="sean.obrien" timestamp="20151208T212916+0000" comment="Acronym expanded. Need to verify that this expansion nis correct."?>usiness
process Objecs (BPO)<?oxy_comment_end?> that workflow process enactment web services go through.</p>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup></table>
<p><xref href="#d1e7638/section_smq_xbs_crb" format="dita">Back to properties category
list</xref></p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>