<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="spm_801_whatsnew" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>What's new in <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> 8.0.1</title>
<shortdesc>Read about updates and enhancements in <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> 8.0.1, released on 25 November
2021.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<section>
<p conref="spm_800_whatsnew.dita#spm_800_whatsnew/pdf" otherprops="xhtml"/>
<p id="rns">For important installation information, and to learn more about product improvements and
resolved issues in 8.0.1, see also the <xref
href="http://www-01.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?uid=swg27037963" format="html" scope="external"
>Release Notes</xref>.</p>
<p otherprops="video"><xref href="https://mediacenter.ibm.com/media/t/1_03sinzqw" format="html"
scope="external">Click here for a video presentation about caseworker and developer productivity
improvements in 8.0.1</xref>.</p>
</section>
<section id="sectionlist">
<p>Updates for caseworkers:</p>
<p>
<ul>
<li><xref href="#spm_801_whatsnew/changehistory" format="dita"/></li>
<li><xref href="#spm_801_whatsnew/verificationengine" format="dita"/></li>
<li><xref href="#spm_801_whatsnew/filtering" format="dita"/></li>
<li><xref href="#spm_801_whatsnew/uniaccess" format="dita"/></li>
</ul>
</p>
<p>Updates for developers:</p>
<p>
<ul>
<li><xref href="#spm_801_whatsnew/spm-components" format="dita"/></li>
<li><xref href="#spm_801_whatsnew/data-testid" format="dita"/></li>
<li><xref href="#spm_801_whatsnew/newAPI" format="dita"/></li>
</ul>
</p>
<p>What's new for other versions:<ul>
<li><xref href="spm_800_whatsnew.dita">What's new in 8.0.0</xref></li>
<li otherprops="8.0.2"><xref href="spm_802_whatsnew.dita">What's new in 8.0.2</xref></li>
<li otherprops="8.0.3"><xref href="spm_803_whatsnew.dita">What's new in 8.0.3</xref></li>
</ul></p>
</section>
<section id="changehistory">
<title>Evidence change history improvements</title>
<p>Improvements to how information is displayed in the change history for evidence have been
introduced. Caseworkers now have a more consistent view of the information regardless of where in
the application they view the evidence. In addition, caseworkers can more reliably see which users
made each update to the evidence over time. For more information, see <xref
href="../EvidenceConsolidatedGuides/Introduction/c_EV_ManagingAdditionalHistory.dita" scope="peer"
>How are changes to evidence recorded</xref> and <cite>WorkItem:273340</cite> in the <xref
href="https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/node/6516652" format="html" scope="external">8.0.1 Release
Notes</xref>.</p>
<p><xref href="#spm_801_whatsnew/sectionlist" format="dita">Back to what's new list</xref></p>
</section>
<section id="verificationengine">
<title>Enhanced verification engine processing</title>
<p>The way that verification engine processing works during product authorization has been enhanced.
When evidence is captured for an integrated case for use by product delivery cases, and
verifications are configured at the product delivery case level, the verifications are created
during product authorization. During the process, the status of each verification that is created is
determined.</p>
<p>An improvement was made to help optimize product authorization, when an integrated case has a
large amount of evidence of the same type that requires verification at the product delivery case
level. Now, as each new verification is created, the status of only that verification is determined.
Previously the status of all existing verifications for the evidence type was evaluated.</p>
<p>For more information, see <cite>WorkItem:273436</cite> in the <xref
href="https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/node/6516652" format="html" scope="external">8.0.1 Release
Notes</xref>.</p>
<p><xref href="#spm_801_whatsnew/sectionlist" format="dita">Back to what's new list</xref></p>
</section>
<section id="filtering">
<title>Improved filtering for <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/carbon"/>
dropdowns</title>
<p>Two significant usability improvements have been made to the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/carbon"/> dropdowns that are used in the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/> application. These improvements help
caseworker to quickly find and select options.</p>
<ul>
<li>Options in the dropdowns are now filtered based on input that caseworkers type into the
dropdown.</li>
<li>Option in the dropdown are also filtered to show all options that contain the typed input, based
on the <codeph>contains</codeph> filter method. Dropdowns in v7 were filtered based on 'Starts
with'.</li>
</ul>
<p>Intelligent Evidence Gathering (IEG) has not been updated to use <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/carbon"/>, so it does not use the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/carbon"/> dropdown.</p>
<p>For more information, see the <xref href="../WebClientReference/r_WEBCREF_Reference1Field1.dita"
scope="peer">UIM FIELD element</xref> topic in the <cite>Web Client Reference</cite>.</p>
<p><xref href="#spm_801_whatsnew/sectionlist" format="dita">Back to what's new list</xref></p>
</section>
<section id="uniaccess">
<title>New in <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/UA_component_long"/></title>
<p>For more information about what's new in <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/ibm"/> Citizen Engagement, see the <xref
href="../CitizenEngagement/c_CEINST_UA_release_notes.html"
format="html" scope="peer">What's new and release notes for <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/UA_component_short"/></xref>.</p>
<p><xref href="#spm_801_whatsnew/sectionlist" format="dita">Back to what's new list</xref></p>
</section>
<section id="spm-components">
<title>Introducing the ability to extend UIM by using <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/carbon"/>, <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/react"/>, GraphQL, and Apollo Client</title>
<p>A new open source repository on GitHub provides a <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_javascript"/> development environment.
Developers can extend UIM by using the latest <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_javascript"/> user interface front-end tools
and libraries.</p>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/> developers can now:</p>
<ul>
<li>Use a lightweight JavaScript development environment that complements the existing web client
development environment.</li>
<li>Develop complex views with the latest front-end tools and libraries, and integrate them into
their <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/> web client.</li>
<li>Develop front-end content quickly and iteratively. <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_javascript"/> developers can view their
changes without a client build.</li>
<li>Use GraphQL and Apollo Client to configure complex data queries.</li>
<li>Build robust front-end content through easier test automation.</li>
</ul>
<p>The <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/> UI Addon Development
Environment provides:</p>
<ul>
<li>Documentation: Instructions to get up and running in a <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_javascript"/> environment, with examples and
design guidance.</li>
<li>Samples: For example, a sample <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/react"/>
component that contains <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/ibm"/>
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/carbon"/> styles and GraphQL queries.</li>
<li>Storybook: Developers can use Storybook to render the sample component locally.</li>
<li>Code: Commands to integrate your compiled <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_javascript"/> into the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/> user interface.</li>
</ul>
<p>The <codeph>spm-ui-addon-devenv</codeph> repository contains links to the following packages: <ul>
<li>Carbon Design System, which is the <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/ibm"/>
open source design system. It consists of working code, design tools and resources, and human
interface guidelines. For more information, see <xref href="https://v10.carbondesignsystem.com"
format="html" scope="external">IBM Carbon Design System v10</xref>.</li>
<li><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/react"/>, which is an open source <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_javascript"/> library that enables developers
to build human-centered user interfaces.</li>
<li>GraphQL, which is an open source data query language that enables developers to query and
configure complex data queries that aggregate information from different database entities.</li>
<li>Apollo Client, which is an open source library that enables GraphQL developers to manage
information state. Apollo Client provides the infrastructure for caching data.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>For more information, see <xref href="https://merative.github.io/spm-ui-addon-devenv" format="html"
scope="external"/>.</p>
<p><xref href="#spm_801_whatsnew/sectionlist" format="dita">Back to what's new list</xref></p>
</section>
<section id="data-testid">
<title>Enhanced <codeph>data-testid</codeph> attribute format for user interface test
automation</title>
<p>The <codeph>data-testid</codeph> attribute was introduced in 8.0.0 to improve the user interface
(UI) automated testing experience. The attribute has been enhanced with the introduction of a new
format that concatenates the label to the UIM component prefix. The improvement helps you to target
specific UI components in a UI automation test framework.</p>
<p>The Date and Date Time components, which previously used the <codeph>data-test-id</codeph>
attribute, now use the new <codeph>data-testid</codeph> attribute format. The dropdown component was
updated to use the <codeph>data-testid</codeph> attribute.</p>
<p>The following UIM components and add-ons now use the new format <codeph>data-testid</codeph>
attribute in the <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/> 8.0.1 user
interface:</p>
<ul>
<li>Cluster</li>
<li>Checkbox</li>
<li>Text input</li>
<li>Text area</li>
<li>Dropdown</li>
<li>DatePicker</li>
<li>DateTime</li>
<li>TimePicker</li>
<li>Multiselect Checkbox</li>
<li>Modal buttons, such as <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Cancel</uicontrol>,
<uicontrol>Back</uicontrol>, or <uicontrol>Submit</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Search popup</li>
<li>Log in and log out buttons, which are custom additions of the attribute only to support
automation.</li>
</ul>
<p>For more information, see <xref href="../WebClientReference/c_WEBREF-ui-test-automation.dita"
scope="peer">UI test automation</xref>.</p>
<p><xref href="#spm_801_whatsnew/sectionlist" format="dita">Back to what's new list</xref></p>
</section>
<section id="newAPI"><title>Introducing new customization point for product delivery case approval
processing</title><p>A new customization point is now available to support compliant customization
of the function that sets the case header effective date during product delivery case
approval.</p><p>For more information, see <xref
href="../InsideEligibilityAndEntitlementUsingCER/c_INSEECER_CustomizabilityProductDeliveryEffectiveDate.dita"
scope="peer">Product delivery effective date hook</xref> and <cite>WorkItem:273624</cite> in the
<xref href="https://www.ibm.com/support/pages/node/6516652" format="html" scope="external">8.0.1
Release Notes</xref>.</p><xref href="#spm_801_whatsnew/sectionlist" format="dita">Back to what's new
list</xref></section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?tm 1527675457574 3 JavaScript||IBM ?>
