<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_yst_4bv_rt" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Terms and conditions for product documentation</title>
<!--To optimize search results, add tags that clarify product name, target platform, or other contexts. To enable the tags, right-click, select Refactoring > Toggle Comment.-->
<!--<titlealts><navtitle></navtitle><searchtitle></searchtitle></titlealts>-->
<!--Put your short description next; used for first paragraph and abstract.-->
<shortdesc>Permissions for the use of these publications are granted subject to the following terms
        and conditions.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
        <section>
            <title>Applicability</title>
            <p>These terms and conditions are in addition to any terms of use for the <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> website. </p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Personal use</title>
            <p>You may reproduce these publications for your personal, noncommercial use provided
                that all proprietary notices are preserved. You may not distribute, display or make
                derivative work of these publications, or any portion thereof, without the express
                consent of <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm>.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Commercial use</title>
            <p>You may reproduce, distribute and display these publications solely within your
                enterprise provided that all proprietary notices are preserved. You may not make
                derivative works of these publications, or reproduce, distribute or display these
                publications or any portion thereof outside your enterprise, without the express
                consent of <tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm>.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Rights</title>
            <p>Except as expressly granted in this permission, no other permissions, licenses or
                rights are granted, either express or implied, to the publications or any
                information, data, software or other intellectual property contained therein. </p>
            <p><tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> reserves the right to                 withdraw the permissions granted herein whenever, in its discretion, the use of the                 publications is detrimental to its interest or, as determined by <tm trademark="IBM" tmtype="reg">IBM</tm>, the above                 instructions are not being properly followed. </p>
            <p>You may not download, export or re-export this information except in full compliance
                with all applicable laws and regulations, including all United States export laws
                and regulations. </p>
            <p><tm tmclass="IGNORE" tmtype="reg" trademark="IBM">IBM</tm> MAKES NO GUARANTEE ABOUT
                THE CONTENT OF THESE PUBLICATIONS. THE PUBLICATIONS ARE PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT
                WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
                IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A
                PARTICULAR PURPOSE.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept><?tm 1462521727123 7 IBM ?>
