<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e1261">
<title>Scripting support</title>
<shortdesc>To support the execution of provided Ant scripts, change the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_long"/> property files.</shortdesc><conbody>
<section id="section_nb2_23w_cjb">
<title>sas.client.props</title>
<p>Open the <filepath>sas.client.props</filepath> file found in the
<filepath>profiles/default/properties</filepath> directory of the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_long"/> installation. It is necessary
to set the login source to retrieve the user name and password from a properties file rather than
having to type them in each time the scripts are run. Set or where necessary add the following
properties:<codeblock>com.ibm.CORBA.loginSource=properties
# RMI/IIOP user identity
com.ibm.CORBA.loginUserid=websphere
com.ibm.CORBA.loginPassword=websphere</codeblock></p>
<p>Where <varname>websphere</varname> is the user name and password for the administrative
console.</p>
</section>
<section id="section_gnz_23w_cjb">
<title>soap.client.props</title>
<p>Open the <filepath>soap.client.props</filepath> file, also found in the
<filepath>profiles/default/properties</filepath> directory the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_long"/> installation. It is necessary
to set the login source to retrieve the user name and password from a properties file rather than
having to type them in each time the scripts are run. Set the following properties to match the
credentials you configured for WebSphere as in <xref
href="c_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration6WebsphereApplicationServerConfigura1.dita"/>. In the example below
the values are merely examples and the password that is specified in this file cannot be
encrypted:</p>
<codeblock>com.ibm.SOAP.loginUserid=websphere
com.ibm.SOAP.loginPassword=websphere</codeblock>
<p>where <varname>websphere</varname> is the user name and password for the administrative console
.</p>
<p>To avoid timeouts when you instal application EAR files, ensure that the following is set, for
example:</p>
<codeblock>com.ibm.SOAP.requestTimeout=3600</codeblock>
<p>Depending on the performance of your environment you might need a different value.</p>
</section>
<section id="section_h5f_f3w_cjb">
<title>server.policy</title>
<p>Open the <filepath>server.policy</filepath> file found in the
<filepath>profiles/default/properties</filepath> directory of the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_long"/> installation. Add the following
lines to the end of this file:</p>
<codeblock>grant codeBase "file:&lt;CURAMSDEJ&gt;/drivers/-" {
permission java.security.AllPermission;
};</codeblock>
<p>where <varname>&lt;CURAMSDEJ&gt;</varname> is the SDEJ installation directory.</p>
<codeblock>grant codeBase "file:${was.install.root}/
profiles/default/installedApps/
&lt;cell.name&gt;/&lt;SERVER_MODEL_NAME&gt;.ear/
guice-2.0.jar" { permission java.lang.RuntimePermission
"modifyThread"; permission java.lang.RuntimePermission
"modifyThreadGroup"; };</codeblock>
<p>where <varname>&lt;cell.name&gt;</varname> is the name of the target <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> cell, and
<varname>&lt;SERVER_MODEL_NAME&gt;</varname> is the name of the application EAR file.</p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>