<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e288">
<title>Apache Ant</title>
<shortdesc>Install Apache Ant and perform postinstallation tasks.</shortdesc><conbody>
<p>Apache Ant is a <tm trademark="Java" tmtype="tm">Java</tm> build tool. Apache Ant is similar to
the <varname>make</varname> tool.</p>
<section id="section_c5h_hyn_s3b">
<title>Installation</title>
<ol id="ol_qyx_k14_s3b">
<li>Obtain a <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/>-supported
version of Ant from the Apache site. For more information, see <xref
href="https://www-01.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?uid=swg27036661" format="html" scope="external"
><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> Supported
Prerequisites</xref></li>
<li>Extract the .zip file to the target file system; for
example:<codeblock>cd /usr/local
jar -xf apache-ant-&lt;version&gt;-bin.zip</codeblock>Where
<codeph>&lt;version&gt;</codeph> represents the relevant Ant version.</li>
</ol>
</section>
<section id="section_zg1_syn_s3b">
<title>Postinstallation</title>
<ol id="ol_etm_q14_s3b">
<li>Ensure the Ant script in <filepath>apache-ant-&lt;version&gt;/bin</filepath> is in EBCDIC format;
for
example:<codeblock>iconv -t IBM-1047 -f ISO8859-1 apache-ant-&lt;version&gt;/bin/ant \
&gt; /tmp/ant
mv /tmp/ant apache-ant-&lt;version&gt;/bin</codeblock>Where
<codeph>&lt;version&gt;</codeph> represents the relevant Ant version.</li>
<li>Make the Ant script executable; for
example:<codeblock> chmod a+x apache-ant-&lt;version&gt;/bin/ant</codeblock>Where
<codeph>&lt;version&gt;</codeph> represents the relevant Ant version.</li>
</ol>
</section>
<section id="section_apn_hb4_s3b">
<title>For any shell that uses <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> Ant
targets</title>
<ol id="ul_pmv_bzn_s3b">
<li>Environment variable <varname>ANT_HOME</varname> must be defined and must point to the Ant
installation folder, for
example:<codeblock>export ANT_HOME=/usr/local/apache-ant-&lt;version&gt;</codeblock>Where
<codeph>&lt;version&gt;</codeph> represents the relevant Ant version.</li>
<li>Add Ant to the PATH; for example:<codeblock>export PATH=$ANT_HOME/bin:$PATH</codeblock></li>
<li>Define environment variable, ANT_OPTS as
follows:<codeblock>export ANT_OPTS='-Xmx1400m -Dcmp.maxmemory=1400m'</codeblock></li>
<li>Test Ant by running the following command:<codeblock>ant -version</codeblock>You should see
output that shows the Ant version and compilation date.</li>
</ol>
</section>
</conbody></concept><?tm 1568813782625 2 Java||IBM ?>
