<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e872">
<title>Security custom properties</title>
<shortdesc>Use the <varname>com.ibm.ws.security.webChallengeIfCustomSubjectNotFound</varname> to
determine the behavior of a single sign-on LTPA Token2 login.</shortdesc><conbody>
<section>
<title>com.ibm.ws.security.webChallengeIfCustomSubjectNotFound</title>
<p>The <varname>com.ibm.ws.security.webChallengeIfCustomSubjectNotFound</varname> property
determines the behavior of a single sign-on LTPA Token2 login. When this property value is set to
true, the token contains a custom cache key, and the custom Subject cannot be found. Then the token
is used to log in directly because the custom information needs to be gathered again. Therefore, a
challenge occurs requiring the user to log in again. </p>
<p>When this property value is set to false and the custom Subject is not found, the LTPA Token2 is
used to login and gather all of the registry attributes. However, the token might not obtain any of
the special attributes that downstream applications might expect.</p>
<p>By default, the <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> configuration
script sets the property, com.ibm.ws.security.webChallengeIfCustomSubjectNotFound, to <tt>false</tt>
to ensure that web sessions can seamlessly transfer between two servers in a cluster (for example in
a failover scenario) without being asked for security credentials. This setting allows the security
token that is used by <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/>
to be validated correctly, without user input.</p>
<p>If this behavior is not required, you can change this property to true, see <xref
href="c_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration5SetUpSystemJaasLoginModule1.dita"/> for more information on setting
<i>Security custom properties</i>. If the property is set to <tt>true</tt>, when a web session
switches from one server in the cluster to another, perhaps due to the original server failing, the
user will be asked for security information before being able to proceed.</p>
</section></conbody></concept>