<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="d1e651" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Configuring <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_long"
/></title>
<shortdesc>Use the Ant <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target to configure <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/>
</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<p>The configuration of <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"
/> involves setting up a data source, a number of servers and configuring the JMS and security
settings. Perform all these tasks by running the Ant <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target. </p>
<p>Run the Ant <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target from the <filepath>$SERVER_DIR</filepath>
directory as follows:<codeblock>./build.sh configure</codeblock>This target requires that the
<filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> and <filepath>Bootstrap.properties</filepath> files are in
the <filepath>$SERVER_DIR/project/properties</filepath> directory. For more information, see <xref
href="c_WEBSPHZOS_Building3PropertyFiles1.dita"/>.</p>
<?Pub Caret 424?>
<section id="section_nvn_1ck_t3b">
<title>Configuring the JVM Size</title>
<p>By default the Ant configure target sets the application server JVM initial and maximum heap
size. However, you can override the default JVM initial and maximum heap size by setting the
<varname>curam.server.jvm.heap.size</varname> property in the
<filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> file before you run the target.</p>
<p>The provided heap size default is a starting point. Based on the size of your customized
application, deployment strategy, etc. this size might be too low or too high. Determine the optimum
value by monitoring the JVM memory performance of your server.</p>
</section>
<section id="section_ok5_5bk_t3b">
<title>Configuring a Db2 type 2 Driver</title>
<p>By default the Ant <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target establishes a <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_db2_short"/> Universal type 4 Driver (XA) data
source. However, configure a <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_db2_short"/> Universal type 2 Driver (RRS)
data source by setting the curam.db.type2.required property in
<filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath>. When using this property, you must have the DB2DIR
environment variable set to your <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_db2_short"/> installation path.</p>
<p>There are a number of ways to configure <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/db2zos"/> and <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> to support a Type 2 driver.
Review the <xref format="html"
href="http://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS7K4U_7.0.0/com.ibm.websphere.zseries.doc/info/zseries/ae/welcome_zseries.html"
scope="external">WebSphere Application Server, Version 7.0 product documentation</xref>, including
the article "Db2 Universal JDBC Driver Support", and related information.</p>
<p>It is possible to configure a Type 2 Universal Driver by passing an optional property
curam.db.zos.jcc.propfile, specifying the fully qualified name of a <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_db2_short"/> for <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/zos"/> jcc property file that is set in the servant JVM
db2.jcc.propertiesFile property, which may contain various settings such as the subsystem ID.</p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000005290?>
