<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="d1e1867" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Adding the login module</title>
<shortdesc>Use the administration console to add the login module.</shortdesc>
<conbody>
<ol>
<li>Browse to <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Security</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Global security</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</li>
<li>Expand <uicontrol>Java Authentication and Authorization Service</uicontrol> entry under the
<uicontrol>Authentication</uicontrol> heading and select <uicontrol>System logins</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Select the relevant alias from the list. Configure the login module for the DEFAULT, WEB_INBOUND
and RMI_INBOUND aliases as follows:<ol>
<li>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> to configure a new Login Module.</li>
<li>Set the <uicontrol>Module class name</uicontrol> field to be
<tt>curam.util.security.CuramLoginModule</tt>.</li>
<li>Select the <uicontrol>Use login module proxy</uicontrol> option.</li>
<li>Select REQUIRED in the <uicontrol>Authentication strategy</uicontrol> field.</li>
<li>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to confirm the addition of the new login module.</li>
</ol></li>
<li>Select the newly added <tt>curam.util.security.CuramLoginModule</tt> from the list.</li>
<li>Select the <uicontrol>Custom properties</uicontrol> link under the <uicontrol>Additional
Properties</uicontrol> heading.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> to add the required properties that are listed in table 1.
<table id="d1e1908" scale="70">
<title>CuramLoginModule Custom Properties</title>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colnum="2" colwidth="1.1*"/>
<colspec colnum="3" colwidth="2.74*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Name</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Example Value</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
<p>exclude_usernames</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>websphere, db2admin</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Required. A list of user names to be excluded from authentication. This list must include the
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_long"/> administration user
(as specified in <xref href="t_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration5ConfigureAdministrationSecurity1.dita"/>) and
the database user (as specified in <xref
href="t_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration5CreatingDataSourceLoginAlias1.dita"/>). The default delimiter is a
comma, but might be overridden by exclude_usernames_delimiter. Any users who are listed here must be
defined in the <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> user
registry. </p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>exclude_usernames_delimiter</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>|</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p><i>Optional</i>. A delimiter for the list of user names provided in exclude_usernames. A
delimiter other than the default comma can be useful when user names contain embedded commas as with
LDAP users.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>login_trace</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>true</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p><i>Optional</i>. This property must be set to <tt>true</tt> to debug the authentication process.
If set to <tt>true</tt> the invocation of the login module results in tracing information that is
added to the <filepath>SystemOut.log</filepath> file.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>module_name</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>DEFAULT, WEB_INBOUND or RMI_INBOUND</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p><i>Optional</i>. This property must be set to one of DEFAULT, WEB_INBOUND or RMI_INBOUND
depending on the configuration the login module is being defined for. It is used only when
login_trace is set to <tt>true</tt> for tracing purposes.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>check_identity_only</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>true</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p><i>Optional</i>. If this property is set to <tt>true</tt> the login module does not perform the
usual authentication verifications. Instead, it ensures that the user exists on the database table.
In this case, the configured <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> user registry will not be
by-passed and will be queried after the login module. This option is intended where LDAP support is
required or an alternative authentication mechanism is to be used.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>user_registry_enabled</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>true</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p><i>Optional</i>. This property is used to override the behavior of by-passing the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> user registry. If this
property is set to true the user registry is queried during the authentication process. If this
property is set to false, the user registry is not queried.</p>
<note type="note">If you are specifying identity only and you are using LDAP, you might need to take
more configuration steps. For more information, see <xref
href="t_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration6SpecialConfigurationStepsWhenUsingI1.dita"/>.</note>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>user_registry_enabled_types</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>EXTERNAL</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p><i>Optional</i>. This property is used to specify a comma-delimited list of external user types
that is processed against the user registry (for example, LDAP). For more information, see <xref
href="c_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration6WebsphereApplicationServerUserRegis1.dita"/> for information on the
processing of the user registry.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<p>user_registry_disabled_types</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>EXTGEN,EXTAUTO</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p><i>Optional</i>. This property specifies a comma-delimited list of external user types that is
not processed against the user registry (for example, LDAP). See <xref
href="c_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration6WebsphereApplicationServerUserRegis1.dita"/> for more
information.</p>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table><?Pub Caret 0?></li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to confirm the addition of the new login module.</li>
</ol>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000006119?>
