<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e515">
<title>AppServer properties</title>
<shortdesc><filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> contains properties that are related to the
application server environment.</shortdesc><conbody>
<p>Tables 1 to 3 identify the most relevant properties in <filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath>.
However, there are more security-related properties that are covered in more detail elsewhere. For
more information, see <cite>Default Configuration for WebSphere</cite>. <note>This file must be
stored in ASCII format. EBCDIC format is not readable by the Ant tool.</note></p>
<p>Pay specific attention to the following properties:</p>
<ul>
<li>Structure-related properties for <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> are shown in Table 1. <table
id="d1e550"><title>Structure-related properties</title><tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colnum="2" colwidth="2*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Property</entry>
<entry>Value</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>curam.server.host</entry>
<entry>The hostname or IP address of your <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/zos"
/> host.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>curam.server.name</entry>
<entry>Must match the name of the target <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> server name that is
established during its configuration.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>cell.name</entry>
<entry>Must match the name of the target <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> cell name that is established
during its configuration.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>node.name</entry>
<entry>Must match the name of the target <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> node name that is established
during its configuration.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>profile.name</entry>
<entry>For <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/>, the
profile name is always "default".</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>as.vendor</entry>
<entry>Value must be set to <uicontrol>IBM</uicontrol>.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>curam.server.jvm.heap.size</entry>
<entry>Used by the Ant <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target to set the JVM heap size to the specified
number of megabytes. The default value is 1024. Monitor the size and performance of your JVM heap to
determine an optimal value.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup></table></li>
<li>Port-related properties for <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> are shown in Table 2. <table
id="d1e523"><title>Port-related properties</title><tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colnum="2" colwidth="1.63*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Property</entry>
<entry>Value</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>curam.server.port</entry>
<entry>Must match the application server RMI port value.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>curam.client.httpport</entry>
<entry>Must be bound to the CuramClientEndPoint port definition as described in Set up the port
access.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>curam.webservices.httpport</entry>
<entry>Must be bound to the CuramWebServicesEndPoint port definition as described in Set up the port
access.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup></table></li>
<li>
<table id="table_kvd_zbs_y3b"><title> Security-related properties</title><tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colnum="2" colwidth="1.63*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>Property</entry>
<entry>Value</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>security.username</entry>
<entry>The user name for the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> administrator.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>security.password</entry>
<entry>The encrypted password for the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> administrator. Generate the
encrypted value by starting the Ant <cmdname>encrypt</cmdname> target. For more information, see
<xref href="../ServerDeveloper/ctr_CuramServerDeveloperGuide.html"
format="html" scope="peer">Cúram Server Developers Guide</xref>.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>curam.security.credentials.async.username</entry>
<entry>The user name JMS invocations must run under, the default value is SYSTEM.</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>curam.security.credentials.async.password</entry>
<entry>The encrypted password associated with the JMS user name. The password must be encrypted by
using the Ant <cmdname>encrypt</cmdname> target. For more information, see the <xref
href="../ServerDeveloper/ctr_CuramServerDeveloperGuide.html"
format="html" scope="peer">Cúram Server Developers Guide</xref>.</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup></table>
</li></ul></conbody></concept>
