<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e1240">
<title>The administrative console</title>
<shortdesc>Configure <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_long"/>
by using the administrative console.</shortdesc><conbody>
<p>To run the administrative console, you must start the server in the default profile. This step is
required because the console is installed as a web application on this server. For more information,
see <xref href="c_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration6StartingStoppingWebsphereServers1.dita"/>.</p>
<p>To open the console, point a web browser at the following URL:</p>
<pre>http://&lt;Your WebSphere host&gt;:&lt;protocol_http_port&gt;/ibm/console</pre>
<p>Where:</p>
<p><varname>&lt;Your WebSphere host&gt;</varname> identifies the hostname or IP address where your
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> system is running and
<varname>&lt;protocol_http_port&gt;</varname> identifies the port that is assigned in your
installation and customization of <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_long"/>.</p>
<p>Any settings that are entered under the <uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol> section of the
Administrative Console can be configured at multiple levels that control the JNDI scope. These
include cell, node, or server. Upon selecting a <uicontrol>Resource</uicontrol>, the top of the main
browser window shows this scope and allows the various resources in the current scope to be viewed.
The scope, and in turn the location of any resources set, should be based upon planned use. That is,
if you are working in a cluster it might not be necessary to set the same settings on each server,
so the scope may be set to cell or node.</p>
</conbody></concept>