<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e2908">
<title>Post configuration tasks</title>
<shortdesc>Create the database tables that are required for the service Integration Bus, then create
the database tables that are required for the Timer Service.</shortdesc><conbody>
<section>
<title>Service Integration Bus database tables</title>
<p><keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_long"/> provides a utility
to generate the SQL for creating these tables, the SIB DDL Generator.</p>
<p>The generator can be run by running the following command:</p>
<codeblock>
  $WAS_HOME/bin/sibDDLGenerator.sh
    -system <varname>system</varname>
    -platform <varname>platform</varname>
    -schema <varname>username</varname>
    -database <varname>database_name</varname>
    -user <varname>username</varname>
    -statementend ';'
    -create</codeblock>
<p>Where</p>
<ul>
<li><varname>system</varname> is the database that is to be used, for example <tt>db2</tt>.</li>
<li><varname>platform</varname> is the operating system, for example <tt>zos</tt>.</li>
<li><varname>username</varname> is the user name that is required to access the database, as
specified in the <filepath>Bootstrap.properties</filepath> property <tt>curam.db.username</tt>;</li>
<li><varname>database_name</varname> is the name of the database, as specified in the
<filepath>Bootstrap.properties</filepath> property <tt>curam.db.zos.dbname</tt>.</li>
</ul>
<p>For example:</p>
<codeblock>$WAS_HOME/bin/sibDDLGenerator.sh
            -system db2 -platform zos
            -schema db2admin -database curam -user db2admin
            -statementend ';' -create</codeblock>
<p>This command outputs SQL statements to define the Service Integration Bus tables, these SQL
statements must be run on the target database.</p>
<note type="note">There are DB2 for z/OS-specific defaults for the STOGROUP and BUFFERPOOL. For more
information, see  <xref href="http://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SS7K4U/welcome"
scope="external">WebSphere Application Server product documentation</xref>.</note>
</section>
<section>
<title>Timer service database tables</title>
<p>After setup, you must manually create the database tables that are required for the Timer
Service. <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_long"/> provides the
DDL for these tables in its <filepath>$WAS_HOME/Scheduler</filepath> directory.</p>
<p>The DDL files that you run are the <filepath>createTablespaceDB2ZOS.ddl</filepath> and
<filepath>createSchemaDB2ZOS.ddl</filepath>, in that order.</p>
<p>Each DDL file contains instructions appropriate for running against your target database.</p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>