<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e3162">
<title>Configuring </title>
<shortdesc>Before you deploy an application, you must configure the cell by using the Deployment
Manager Administration Console. The configuration is then synchronized with the node's federated
servers.</shortdesc><conbody>
<p>The Node Agent, which enables communication between the Deployment Manager and its federated
servers, must be started. Start the node agent by using the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/zos"/> operator <cmdname>START</cmdname> command
appropriate for your installation or the <filepath>startNode.sh</filepath> command in the
<filepath>profiles/&lt;federated profile name&gt;/bin</filepath> directory of the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> installation.</p>
<p>When the Node Agent is started, all control is handed over to the Deployment Manager for this
Node's servers. To start or stop a server in the Deployment Manager Administration Console:</p>
<ol>
<li>Browse to <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Servers</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Server Types</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>WebSphere application servers</uicontrol>
</menucascade>;</li>
<li>Check the server to be started or stopped from the list and select <uicontrol>Start</uicontrol>
or <uicontrol>Stop</uicontrol> as required.</li></ol>
<p>The next step in the process is to configure the federated servers. All configuration is done
through the Deployment Manager administrative console. For more information, see <xref
href="c_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration5ManualWebsphereApplicationServerCon1.dita"/>. When you save the
master configuration, ensure that you synchronize your changes as described in <xref
href="c_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration5SynchronizingChanges1.dita"/>.</p>
<p><xref href="c_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration5SetUpSystemJaasLoginModule1.dita"/> details the security
setup that is required during manual configuration. This setup requires the
<filepath>Registry.jar</filepath> to be copied to a directory within the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> installation. Copy
<filepath>Registry.jar</filepath> from <filepath>CuramSDEJ/lib</filepath> to the
<filepath>lib</filepath> directory of the Deployment Manager installation and any federated
installations.</p>
<p><xref href="c_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration5SetUpSystemJaasLoginModule1.dita"/> this security setup
also requires the <filepath>CryptoConfig.jar</filepath> to be copied to the
<filepath>java64/lib/ext</filepath> directory within the WebSphere Application Server installation.
Copy the <filepath>CryptoConfig.jar</filepath> to the same directory structure for any other
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_waszos_short"/> installations in the
environment.</p>
<note type="note">Before you build the application EAR for deployment, note the
<i>BOOTSTRAP_ADDRESS</i> of the server to which the EARs are installed. The <i>BOOTSTRAP_ADDRESS</i>
is located in the same list of ports as the <i>SOAP_CONNECTOR_ADDRESS</i> described previously.
<p>By default the <i>BOOTSTRAP_ADDRESS</i> expected by the application is 2809. To solve this issue,
either change this address or change the curam.server.port property in your
<filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> file. Changing this property also affects the port value
in the <filepath>web.xml</filepath> file when building an EAR file. For more information, see
<cite>Cúram Web Client Reference</cite>.</p></note></conbody></concept>