<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e1493">
<title>Configuring for a type 2 JDBC universal driver (RRS)</title>
<shortdesc>Configure a type 2 JDBC universal driver (RRS) by setting up the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/db2zos"/> environment variable, the database driver
provider, and the database driver data source. Optionally, you can also set up the JVM property
Db2.jcc.propertiesFile. </shortdesc><conbody>
<section>
<title>Set up <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_db2_long"/> environment
variables</title>
<ol>
<li>Browse to <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Environment</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>WebSphere variables</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. The appropriate scope where the data source is defined is selected.</li>
<li>Select the <uicontrol>DB2UNIVERSAL_JDBC_DRIVER_PATH</uicontrol> link from the list of
environment variables.</li>
<li>Set the <uicontrol>Value</uicontrol> field to point to the directory that contains the Type 2
driver. This directory is normally the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_db2_short"/> installation path that contains
the <filepath>db2jcc.jar</filepath> file.</li>
<li>Press <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to confirm the changes.</li>
<li>Select the DB2UNIVERSAL_JDBC_DRIVER_NATIVEPATH link from the list of environment variables.</li>
<li>Set the <uicontrol>Value</uicontrol> field to point to the directory that contains the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/db2zos"/> shared library links for the Type 2 driver.
This directory is the installation path that contains the Type 2 Driver libraries (such as
<filepath>libdb2jcct2zos.so</filepath>, which varies by <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/db2zos"/> version and 31 or 64-bit implementation)</li>
<li>Press <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to confirm the changes.</li></ol></section>
<section>
<title>Set up the database driver provider</title>
<ol>
<li>Browse to <uicontrol>Resources</uicontrol><uicontrol>JDBC</uicontrol><uicontrol>JDBC
providers</uicontrol>. The appropriate scope where the data source is to be defined is
selected.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> to add a driver.</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>DB2</uicontrol> from the list of <uicontrol>database types</uicontrol>
supplied</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>DB2 Universal JDBC Driver Provider</uicontrol> from the list of
<uicontrol>provider types</uicontrol> supplied</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Connection pool data source</uicontrol> from the list of
<uicontrol>implementation types</uicontrol> supplied</li>
<li>Press <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to continue</li>
<li>Review the properties on the configuration screen that opens ensuring that the settings for
<filepath>Classpath</filepath> and <filepath>Native library</filepath> paths are correct. Review the
properties based on the values that you set for the environment variables
DB2UNIVERSAL_JDBC_DRIVER_PATH and DB2UNIVERSAL_JDBC_DRIVER_NATIVEPATH. No changes should be
required</li>
<li>Press <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>
</menucascade> to confirm the changes.</li></ol></section>
<section>
<title>Set up the database driver data source</title>
<p>Repeat the following steps for each of the application data sources, substituting
<option>curamdb</option>, <option>curamsibdb</option> , and <option>curamtimerdb</option> for
<varname>&lt;DatasourceName&gt;</varname> (without the angle brackets) in the following steps:</p>
<ol>
<li>Select <option>DB2 Universal JDBC Driver Provider</option> from the list of <uicontrol>JDBC
Providers</uicontrol>.</li>
<li>Select the <uicontrol>Data Sources</uicontrol> link under <uicontrol>Additional
Properties</uicontrol></li>
<li>Press <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> to add a data source</li>
<li>Set the fields as follows: <ul>
<li><uicontrol>Data source name</uicontrol>: <varname>&lt;DatasourceName&gt;</varname></li>
<li><uicontrol>JNDI name</uicontrol>: <varname>jdbc/&lt;DatasourceName&gt;</varname></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to continue</li>
<li>Set the fields as follows: <ul>
<li><uicontrol>Database name</uicontrol>: The name of the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/db2zos"/> database</li>
<li><uicontrol>Driver type</uicontrol>: 2 </li>
<li>Leave all other fields untouched unless a specific change is required and select
<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol></li>
</ul></li>

<li>Set the fields as follows: <ul>
<li>Set <uicontrol>Component-managed authentication alias</uicontrol> to: <varname>&lt;valid for
database&gt;</varname></li>
<li>Set <uicontrol>Mapping-configuration alias</uicontrol> to: DefaultPrinicipalMapping </li>
<li>Set <uicontrol>Container-managed authentication alias</uicontrol> to: <varname>&lt;valid for
database&gt;</varname></li>
</ul><p>Where the <varname>&lt;valid for database&gt;</varname> alias is the one that you set up in
<xref href="t_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration5CreatingDataSourceLoginAlias1.dita"/></p>
<p>Leave all other fields unchanged unless a specific change is required and click
<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol></p>
</li>

<li>Select <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol> to confirm the changes.</li>
<li>Select the newly created <varname>DatasourceName</varname> data source from the displayed
list</li>
<li>Select the <uicontrol>Custom Properties</uicontrol> link under <uicontrol>Additional
Properties</uicontrol></li>
<li>Select the <option>fullyMaterializeLobData</option> entry</li>
<li>Set the <option>value</option> to be <tt>false</tt></li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to confirm the change.</li></ol></section>
<section>
<title>Set up the JVM property db2.jcc.propertiesFile (optional)</title>
<p>If you want to use an external configuration file identified by the db2.jcc.propertiesFile
property for your <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_db2_short"/> Type 2
Universal JDBC Driver, then take the following steps:</p>
<ol>
<li>Browse to <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Servers</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Server Types</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>WebSphere application servers</uicontrol>
</menucascade></li>
<li>Select the appropriate server from the list</li>
<li>In the <wintitle>Server Infrastructure</wintitle> pane, expand <uicontrol>Java and Process
Management</uicontrol></li>
<li>Select the <uicontrol>Process definition</uicontrol> link</li>
<li>In the <wintitle>processType</wintitle> pane, take the following steps for each item in the list
(Adjunct, Control, and Servant): <ol>
<li>Select the <uicontrol>processType</uicontrol> link</li>
<li>In the Additional Properties pane, <wintitle/> select the <uicontrol>Java Virtual
Machine</uicontrol> link</li>
<li>In the Additional Properties pane, <wintitle/> select the <uicontrol>Custom
Properties</uicontrol> link</li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> and set the property as follows:
<p><uicontrol>Name</uicontrol>: db2.jcc.propertiesFile</p>
<p><uicontrol>Value</uicontrol>: fully qualified name of the property file</p>
<p>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>  to add the property.</p>
<p>See the information in <xref
href="c_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration6WebsphereApplicationServerConfigura1.dita"/> on how to set up the
property file.</p></li>
</ol></li></ol></section>
<section>
<title>Save the master configuration</title>
<p>Click the <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> link in the <uicontrol>Message(s)</uicontrol> box to save
the master configuration. This box is displayed only after configuration changes are made.</p>
</section></conbody></concept>