<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e623">
<title>Application server configuration</title>
<shortdesc>You can configure an application server either by using the Ant
<cmdname>configure</cmdname> target, or by using the <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/> administrative
console.</shortdesc><conbody>
<p>Before you configure the application server, you must install <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_long"/> for <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/zos"/>. For more information, see <xref
href="c_WEBSPHZOS_Third1ThirdpartyTools1.dita"/>.</p>
<p>Use one of the following methods to configure an application server:<ul id="ul_dg1_twh_v3b">
<li>By using the Ant <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target. This approach applies to simple
single-cell test environments.</li>
<li>By using the <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/>
administrative console as described in <xref
href="c_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration5ManualWebsphereApplicationServerCon1.dita"/>. This approach applies
to more complex clustered environments.</li>
</ul>A number of Ant targets are available to help you configure and deploy <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_short"/> as described in the following
topics.</p>
<p>The Ant <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target that is provided by <keyword
conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname"/> represents a simple default configuration
and might not be suitable for a production environment.</p>
<note type="note">On <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/> for
<keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/zos"/> the only profile available is the
default profile. No other option is possible. <p>Therefore, before you configure the application
server, either by using the Ant <cmdname>configure</cmdname> target or the administrative console,
back up the <keyword conref="../common_files/conrefs.dita#conrefs/prodname_was_short"/>
configuration file system in case you need to rerun the configuration process.</p></note>
<p>The following topics provide more information about the configuration process and options:</p>
</conbody></concept>