<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en-us" id="d1e1">
<title>Set up the port access</title><taskbody>
<steps>
<step>
<cmd>Browse to <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Servers</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Server Types</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>WebSphere application servers</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select the appropriate server from the list.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Ports</uicontrol> link in the <uicontrol>Communications</uicontrol>
box.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Details</uicontrol> box.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> and set the following fields for the Client TCP/IP
port:</cmd>
<info><ul>
<li><uicontrol>User-defined Port Name</uicontrol>: CuramClientEndPoint </li>
<li><uicontrol>Host</uicontrol>: * </li>
<li><uicontrol>Port</uicontrol>: <varname>&lt;client port&gt;</varname></li>
</ul>Set <varname>&lt;client port&gt;</varname> to match the value of the property
curam.client.httpport in your <filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> file. </info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to apply the changes.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> and set the following fields for the WebServices TCP/IP
port:</cmd>
<info><ul>
<li><uicontrol>User-defined Port Name</uicontrol>: CuramWebServicesEndPoint </li>
<li><uicontrol>Host</uicontrol>: * </li>
<li><uicontrol>Port</uicontrol>: <varname>&lt;webservices port&gt;</varname></li>
</ul>Set the <varname>&lt;webservices port&gt;</varname> to match the value of the property
curam.webservices.httpport in your <filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> file.</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to apply the changes.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Browse to <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Servers</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Server Types</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>WebSphere application Servers</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select the relevant server from the list.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Expand the <uicontrol>Web Container Settings</uicontrol> branch in the <uicontrol>Container
Settings</uicontrol> section.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Web container transport chains</uicontrol> link.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>  and set the following fields for the Client transport
chain:</cmd>
<info>
<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Name</uicontrol>: <tt>CuramClientChain</tt>
</li>
<li><uicontrol>Transport Chain Template</uicontrol>: <tt>WebContainer-Secure</tt></li>
<li> Select <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol></li>
<li><uicontrol>Use Existing Port</uicontrol>: <tt>CuramClientEndPoint</tt>
</li>
<li> Select <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol></li>
</ul>
</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>  and set the following fields for the WebServices transport
chain:</cmd>
<info>
<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Name</uicontrol>: <tt>CuramWebServicesChain</tt>
</li>
<li><uicontrol>Transport Chain Template</uicontrol>: <tt>WebContainer</tt></li>
<li>Select <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
</li>
<li><uicontrol>Use Existing Port</uicontrol>: <tt>CuramWebServicesEndPoint</tt>
</li>
<li>Select <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. </li>
</ul>
</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select the newly created <uicontrol>CuramClientChain</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select the <uicontrol>HTTP Inbound Channel</uicontrol> link.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Ensure that the <uicontrol>Use persistent keep-alive connections</uicontrol> check-box is
checked.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to confirm the addition.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Browse to <menucascade>
<uicontrol>Environment</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Virtual hosts</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> and add a <tt>Virtual Host</tt> by setting
<uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> = <varname>client_host</varname>. Repeat this step by using the
replacing <varname>client_host</varname> with <varname>webservices_host</varname>.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select the <uicontrol>client_host</uicontrol> link from the list of virtual hosts.</cmd>
</step>
<step id="step_clienthost">
<cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Host Aliases</uicontrol> link in the <uicontrol>Additional
Properties</uicontrol> box.</cmd>
<info> </info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> to add an <tt>Alias</tt> by setting the following
fields:</cmd>
<info>
<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Host Name</uicontrol> = *</li>
<li><uicontrol>Port</uicontrol> = <varname>&lt;client port&gt;</varname></li>
</ul>
</info>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Set the <varname>&lt;client port&gt;</varname> to match the value of the property
curam.client.httpport in your <filepath>AppServer.properties</filepath> file. Repeat this step for
the other Virtual Host and port used (for example, webservices_host)</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to confirm the addition.</cmd>
</step>
<step>
<cmd>Save the changes to the master configuration as described in <xref
href="c_WEBSPHZOS_Configuration5DisableCrossClusterAuthentication1.dita"/>.</cmd>
</step></steps></taskbody></task>